---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: Handwritten     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This code is generated by Magic Modules using the following:
#
#     Source file: https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/magic-modules/tree/main/mmv1/third_party/terraform/website/docs/d/agent_registry_mcp_server.html.markdown
#
#     DO NOT EDIT this file directly. Any changes made to this file will be
#     overwritten during the next generation cycle.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Agent Registry"
description: |-
  Get information about an Agent Registry MCP Server
---

# google_agent_registry_mcp_server

Get information about an Agent Registry MCP Server.

## Example Usage

```hcl
data "google_agent_registry_mcp_server" "default" {
  location      = "us-central1"
  mcp_server_id = "apphub-00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `location` - (Required) The location of the resource.

- - -

* `mcp_server_id` - (Optional) The unique identifier for the MCP Server. This or `filter` must be set.

* `filter` - (Optional) A filter string that identifies a unique MCP server. This or `mcp_server_id` must be set.

* `project` - (Optional) The project in which the resource belongs. If it
    is not provided, the provider project is used.

## Attributes Reference

* `urn` - The URN of the MCP Server.
* `display_name` - The display name of the MCP Server.
* `description` - The description of the MCP Server.
* `interfaces` - The connection details for the MCP Server.
* `interfaces.0.url` - The destination URL.
* `interfaces.0.protocol_binding` - The protocol binding of the interface.
* `tools` - A list of tools available with the MCP Server.
* `tools.0.name` - The name of the tool.
* `tools.0.description` - The description of the tool.
* `tools.0.annotations` - Additional tool information.
* `tools.0.annotations.title` - A human-readable title for the tool.
* `tools.0.annotations.destructive_hint` - If true, the tool may perform destructive updates to its environment. If false, the tool performs only additive updates.
* `tools.0.annotations.idempotent_hint` - If true, calling the tool repeatedly with the same arguments will have no additional effect on the its environment.
* `tools.0.annotations.open_world_hint` - If true, this tool may interact with an “open world” of external entities. If false, the tool’s domain of interaction is closed. For example, the world of a web search tool is open, whereas that of a memory tool is not
* `tools.0.annotations.read_only_hint` - If true, the tool does not modify its environment.
* `attributes` - Attributes of the Agent.
* `create_time` - Create time.
* `update_time` - Update time.