---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: Handwritten     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This code is generated by Magic Modules using the following:
#
#     Source file: https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/magic-modules/tree/main/mmv1/third_party/terraform/website/docs/d/agent_registry_agent.html.markdown
#
#     DO NOT EDIT this file directly. Any changes made to this file will be
#     overwritten during the next generation cycle.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Agent Registry"
description: |-
  Get information about an Agent Registry Agent
---

# google_agent_registry_agent

Get information about an Agent Registry Agent.

## Example Usage

```hcl
data "google_agent_registry_agent" "default" {
  location = "us-central1"
  agent_id = "apphub-00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `location` - (Required) The location of the resource.

- - -

* `agent_id` - (Optional) The unique identifier for the Agent. This or `filter` must be set.

* `filter` - (Optional) A filter string that identifies a unique Agent. This or `agent_id` must be set.

* `project` - (Optional) The project in which the resource belongs. If it
    is not provided, the provider project is used.

## Attributes Reference

* `urn` - The URN of the Agent.
* `protocols` - The connection details for the Agent.
* `protocols.0.type` - The type of the protocol.
* `protocols.0.protocol_version` - The version of the protocol, for example, the A2A Agent Card version.
* `protocols.0.interfaces` - The connection details for the Agent.
* `protocols.0.interfaces.0.url` - The destination URL.
* `protocols.0.interfaces.0.protocol_binding` - The protocol binding of the interface.
* `display_name` - Obtained from the A2A Agent Card. The display name of the Agent.
* `description` - Obtained from the A2A Agent Card. The description of the Agent.
* `version` - Obtained from the A2A Agent Card. Contains the version of the Agent.
* `framework` - The OSS Agent framework used to develop the Agent. Currently supported values: "google-adk", "langchain", "langgraph", "ag2", "llama-index", "custom".
* `skills` - Obtained from the A2A Agent Card. Skills represent the ability of an Agent. It is largely a descriptive concept but represents a more focused set of behaviors that the Agent is likely to succeed at.
* `skills.0.id` - A unique identifier for the Agent's skill.
* `skills.0.name` - A human readable name for the Agent's skill.
* `skills.0.description` - A more detailed description of the skill.
* `skills.0.tags` - A set of keywords describing the skills.  Example:  [["cooking", "customer support", "billing"]]
* `skills.0.examples` - Example prompts or scenarios that this skill can handle. Provides a hint to the client on how to use the skill. Example: [["I need a recipe for bread"]]
* `attributes` - Attributes of the Agent.
* `create_time` - Create time.
* `update_time` - Update time.