---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: Handwritten     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This code is generated by Magic Modules using the following:
#
#     Source file: https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/magic-modules/tree/main/mmv1/third_party/terraform/website/docs/d/backup_dr_data_source.html.markdown
#
#     DO NOT EDIT this file directly. Any changes made to this file will be
#     overwritten during the next generation cycle.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Backup and DR Service"
description: |-
  Get information about a Backupdr Data Source.
---

# google_backup_dr_data_source

A Backup and DR Data Source.

## Example Usage

```hcl
data "google_backup_dr_data_source" "foo" {
    location      = "us-central1"
    project = "project-test"
    data_source_id = "ds-test"
    backup_vault_id = "bv-test"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `location` - (Required) The location in which the Data Source belongs.
* `project` - (Required) The Google Cloud Project in which the Data Source belongs.
* `data_source_id` - (Required) The ID of the Data Source.
* `backup_vault_id` - (Required) The ID of the Backup Vault in which the Data Source belongs.

* `state` - The current state of the DataSource (e.g., ACTIVE, CREATING, DELETING).
* `config_state` - The configuration state of the DataSource.
* `backup_blocked_by_vault_access_restriction` - Boolean indicating if the backup is blocked by vault access restriction.
* `create_time` - Timestamp of when the DataSource was created.
* `update_time` - Timestamp of when the DataSource was last updated.
* `backup_count` - Number of backups in the data source.
* `etag` - Server specified ETag for the resource.
* `total_stored_bytes` - The number of bytes stored in this datasource.
* `labels` - Resource labels to represent user provided metadata.
* `backup_config_info` - An object containing information about the backup configuration. Structure is documented below.
The `backup_config_info` block contains:
* `last_backup_state` - The state of the last backup attempt.
* `last_successful_backup_consistency_time` - The consistency time of the last successful backup.
* `last_backup_error` - If the last backup failed, this field has the error message.
* `gcp_backup_config` - Details about the GCP backup configuration. Structure is documented below.
The `gcp_backup_config` block contains:
* `backup_plan` - The name of the backup plan.
* `backup_plan_description` - The description of the backup plan.
* `backup_plan_association` - The name of the backup plan association.
* `backup_plan_rules` - The rules of the backup plan.