---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: Handwritten     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This code is generated by Magic Modules using the following:
#
#     Source file: https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/magic-modules/tree/main/mmv1/third_party/terraform/website/docs/d/backup_dr_data_sources.html.markdown
#
#     DO NOT EDIT this file directly. Any changes made to this file will be
#     overwritten during the next generation cycle.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Backup and DR Service"
description: |-
  Get information about a Backupdr Data Sources.
---

# google_backup_dr_data_sources

A Backup and DR Data Sources.

## Example Usage

```hcl
data "google_backup_dr_data_sources" "foo" {
    location      = "us-central1"
    project = "project-test"
    backup_vault_id = "bv-test"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `location` - (Required) The location in which the Data Source belongs.
* `project` - (Required) The Google Cloud Project in which the Data Source belongs.
* `backup_vault_id` - (Required) The ID of the Backup Vault in which the Data Source belongs.
* `filter` - (Optional) An expression to filter the results. For example, data_source_gcp_resource.type="compute.googleapis.com/Instance"
* `order_by` - (Optional) An expression to order the results. For example, create_time desc

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `data_sources` - A list of Data Sources matching the criteria. 

Each object in this data_sources list has the following attributes:

* `name`: The full resource name of the DataSource, in the format projects/{project}/locations/{location}/backupVaults/{backupVaultId}/dataSources/{dataSourceId}.

* `id`: The short ID of the DataSource.

* `state`: The current state of the DataSource (e.g., ACTIVE, CREATING, DELETING).

* `config_state`: The configuration state of the DataSource.

* `data_source_gcp_resource`: An object containing details about the underlying GCP resource being backed up. 

* `backup_config_info`: An object containing information about the backup configuration.

*  `create_time`: Timestamp of when the DataSource was created.

* `update_time`: Timestamp of when the DataSource was last updated.

data_source_gcp_resource object contains below properties.

* `gcp_resourcename`: The full name of the GCP resource.

* `type`: The type of the GCP resource.

* `location`: The location of the GCP resource.

backup_config_info object contains below properities

* `last_backup_state`: The state of the last backup attempt.

* `last_successful_backup_consistency_time`: The consistency time of the last successful backup.
