---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: Handwritten     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This code is generated by Magic Modules using the following:
#
#     Source file: https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/magic-modules/tree/main/mmv1/third_party/terraform/website/docs/d/backup_dr_backup_plan_associations.html.markdown
#
#     DO NOT EDIT this file directly. Any changes made to this file will be
#     overwritten during the next generation cycle.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Backup and DR Service"
description: |-
  Get information about a list of Backup and DR BackupPlanAssociations for a specific resource type .
---

# google_backup_dr_backup_plan_associations

Provides a list of Backup and DR BackupPlanAssociations for a specific resource type.

## Example Usage

```hcl
data "google_backup_dr_backup_plan_associations" "compute_instance_associations" {
  location      = "us-central1"
  resource_type = "compute.googleapis.com/Instance"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `location` - (Required)The location where the Backup Plan Association resources reside.
* `resource_type` - (Required) The resource type of the workload. For example, sqladmin.googleapis.com/Instance or compute.googleapis.com/Instance.

- - -

* `project` - (Optional) The project in which the resource belongs. If it
    is not provided, the provider project is used.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

*   `project` - The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
*   `associations` - A list of the backup plan associations found.

Each entry in the `associations` list contains the following fields:

*   `name` - The full name of the backup plan association resource.
*   `resource` - The resource to which the backup plan is applied.
*   `backup_plan` - The backup plan to which the resource is attached.
*   `data_source` - The resource name of data source which will be used as storage location for backups taken.
*   `rules_config_info` - A list containing information about the backup rules. Each object in the list contains:
    *   `rule_id` - Backup Rule id fetched from backup plan.
    *   `last_backup_state` - State of last backup taken.
    *   `last_successful_backup_consistency_time` - The point in time when the last successful backup was captured from the source.
    *   `last_backup_error` - A block containing details of the last backup error, if any.
        *   `code` - The status code, which should be an enum value of [google.rpc.Code].
        *   `message` - A developer-facing error message.

See [google_backup_dr_backup_plan_associations](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/resources/backup_dr_backup_plan_associations) resource for details of the available attributes.