---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "BigQuery Connection"
description: |-
  A datasource to retrieve the IAM policy state for BigQuery Connection Connection
---


# `google_bigquery_connection_iam_policy`
Retrieves the current IAM policy data for connection


## example

```hcl
data "google_bigquery_connection_iam_policy" "policy" {
  project = google_bigquery_connection.connection.project
  location = google_bigquery_connection.connection.location
  connection_id = google_bigquery_connection.connection.connection_id
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `connection_id` - (Required) Optional connection id that should be assigned to the created connection.
 Used to find the parent resource to bind the IAM policy to
* `location` - (Required) The geographic location where the connection should reside.
Cloud SQL instance must be in the same location as the connection
with following exceptions: Cloud SQL us-central1 maps to BigQuery US, Cloud SQL europe-west1 maps to BigQuery EU.
Examples: US, EU, asia-northeast1, us-central1, europe-west1.
Spanner Connections same as spanner region
AWS allowed regions are aws-us-east-1
Azure allowed regions are azure-eastus2 Used to find the parent resource to bind the IAM policy to

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the project will be parsed from the identifier of the parent resource. If no project is provided in the parent identifier and no project is specified, the provider project is used.

## Attributes Reference

The attributes are exported:

* `etag` - (Computed) The etag of the IAM policy.

* `policy_data` - (Required only by `google_bigquery_connection_iam_policy`) The policy data generated by
  a `google_iam_policy` data source.
