---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: Handwritten     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This code is generated by Magic Modules using the following:
#
#     Source file: https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/magic-modules/tree/main/mmv1/third_party/terraform/website/docs/d/network_management_connectivity_tests.html.markdown
#
#     DO NOT EDIT this file directly. Any changes made to this file will be
#     overwritten during the next generation cycle.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Network Management"
description: |-
  A connectivity test is a static analysis of your resource configurations
  that enables you to evaluate connectivity to and from Google Cloud
  resources in your Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) network.
---

# google_network_management_connectivity_tests

A connectivity test is a static analysis of your resource configurations
that enables you to evaluate connectivity to and from Google Cloud
resources in your Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) network. This data source allows
you to list connectivity tests in a project.

To get more information about connectivity tests, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/network-intelligence-center/docs/reference/networkmanagement/rest/v1/projects.locations.global.connectivityTests/rerun)
* How-to Guides
    * [Official Documentation](https://cloud.google.com/network-intelligence-center/docs)

## Example Usage

```hcl
data "google_network_management_connectivity_tests" "tests" {
  filter = "name:projects/project-id/locations/global/connectivityTests/my-tests"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project.

* `filter` - (Optional) Lists the ConnectivityTests that match the [filter expression](https://cloud.google.com/network-intelligence-center/docs/reference/networkmanagement/rest/v1/projects.locations.global.connectivityTests/list#query-parameters). A filter expression filters the resources listed in the response.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `connectivity_tests` - A list of connectivity tests in the selected project matching the filter. Structure is [defined below](#nested_connectivity_tests).

<a name="nested_connectivity_tests"></a>The `connectivity_tests` block supports:

* `name` -
  Unique name for the connectivity test.

* `source` -
  Source specification of the Connectivity Test.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_source).

* `destination` -
  Destination specification of the Connectivity Test.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_destination).

* `description` -
  The user-supplied description of the Connectivity Test.

* `protocol` -
  IP Protocol of the test. 

* `related_projects` -
  Other projects that may be relevant for reachability analysis.

* `labels` -
  Resource labels to represent user-provided metadata.

* `round_trip` -
  Whether run analysis for the return path from destination to source.

* `bypass_firewall_checks` -
  Whether the analysis should skip firewall checking. 

* `project` - The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.

<a name="nested_source"></a>The `source` block supports:

* `ip_address` -
  The IP address of the endpoint.

* `port` -
  The IP protocol port of the endpoint. 

* `instance` -
  A Compute Engine instance URI.

* `gke_master_cluster` -
  A cluster URI for Google Kubernetes Engine cluster control plane.

* `cloud_sql_instance` -
  A Cloud SQL instance URI.

* `cloud_function` -
  A Cloud Function.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_source_cloud_function).

* `app_engine_version` -
  An App Engine service version.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_source_app_engine_version).

* `cloud_run_revision` -
  A Cloud Run revision.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_source_cloud_run_revision).

* `network` -
  A VPC network URI.

* `network_type` -
  Type of the network where the endpoint is located.

* `project_id` -
  Project ID where the endpoint is located.

<a name="nested_source_cloud_function"></a>The `cloud_function` block supports:

* `uri` -
  A Cloud Function name.

<a name="nested_source_app_engine_version"></a>The `app_engine_version` block supports:

* `uri` -
  An App Engine service version name.

<a name="nested_source_cloud_run_revision"></a>The `cloud_run_revision` block supports:

* `uri` -
  A Cloud Run revision URI.

<a name="nested_destination"></a>The `destination` block supports:

* `ip_address` -
  The IP address of the endpoint.

* `port` -
  The IP protocol port of the endpoint.

* `instance` -
  A Compute Engine instance URI.

* `forwarding_rule` -
  Forwarding rule URI. Forwarding rules are frontends for load balancers,
  PSC endpoints, and Protocol Forwarding.

* `gke_master_cluster` -
  A cluster URI for Google Kubernetes Engine cluster control plane.

* `fqdn` -
  A DNS endpoint of Google Kubernetes Engine cluster control plane.

* `cloud_sql_instance` -
  A Cloud SQL instance URI.

* `redis_instance` -
  A Redis Instance URI.

* `redis_cluster` -
  A Redis Cluster URI.

* `network` -
  A VPC network URI.

* `project_id` -
  Project ID where the endpoint is located.

