---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: Handwritten     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This code is generated by Magic Modules using the following:
#
#     Source file: https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/magic-modules/tree/main/mmv1/third_party/terraform/website/docs/d/oracle_database_goldengate_deployment_environments.html.markdown
#
#     DO NOT EDIT this file directly. Any changes made to this file will be
#     overwritten during the next generation cycle.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Oracle Database"
description: |-
  List all GoldenGate Deployment Environments in a location.
---

# google_oracle_database_goldengate_deployment_environments

List all GoldenGate Deployment Environments in a location.

For more information see the
[API](https://cloud.google.com/oracle/database/docs/reference/rest/v1/projects.locations.goldengateDeploymentEnvironments).

## Example Usage

```hcl
data "google_oracle_database_goldengate_deployment_environments" "my_environments" {
  location = "us-east4"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `location` - (Required) The location of resource.

* `project` - (Optional) The project to which the resource belongs. If it
    is not provided, the provider project is used.

## Attributes reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `goldengate_deployment_environments` - List of GoldenGate Deployment Environments. Structure is [documented below](#nested_goldengate_deployment_environments).

<a name="nested_goldengate_deployment_environments"></a> The `goldengate_deployment_environments` block supports:

* `name` - The name of the GoldenGate Deployment Environment resource. Format: `projects/{project}/locations/{location}/goldenGateDeploymentEnvironments/{golden_gate_deployment_environment}`

* `category` - The category of the GoldenGate Deployment Environment resource.

* `display_name` - The display name of the GoldenGate Deployment Environment resource.

* `default_cpu_core_count` - The default CPU core count of the GoldenGate Deployment Environment resource.

* `environment_type` - The environment type of the GoldenGate Deployment Environment resource.

* `auto_scaling_enabled` - Whether auto scaling is enabled by default for the GoldenGate Deployment Environment resource.

* `max_cpu_core_count` - The max CPU core count of the GoldenGate Deployment Environment resource.

* `memory_gb_per_cpu_core` - The memory per CPU core in GBs of the GoldenGate Deployment Environment resource.

* `min_cpu_core_count` - The min CPU core count of the GoldenGate Deployment Environment resource.

* `network_bandwidth_gbps_per_cpu_core` - The network bandwidth per CPU core in Gbps of the GoldenGate Deployment Environment resource.

* `storage_usage_limit_gb_per_cpu_core` - The storage usage limit per CPU core in GBs of the GoldenGate Deployment Environment resource.
