---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: Handwritten     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This code is generated by Magic Modules using the following:
#
#     Source file: https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/magic-modules/tree/main/mmv1/third_party/terraform/website/docs/d/oracle_database_goldengate_deployment_types.html.markdown
#
#     DO NOT EDIT this file directly. Any changes made to this file will be
#     overwritten during the next generation cycle.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Oracle Database"
description: |-
  List all GoldenGate Deployment Types in a location.
---

# google_oracle_database_goldengate_deployment_types

List all GoldenGate Deployment Types in a location.

For more information see the
[API](https://cloud.google.com/oracle/database/docs/reference/rest/v1/projects.locations.goldengateDeploymentTypes).

## Example Usage

```hcl
data "google_oracle_database_goldengate_deployment_types" "my_deployment_types" {
  location = "us-east4"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `location` - (Required) The location of resource.

* `project` - (Optional) The project to which the resource belongs. If it
    is not provided, the provider project is used.

## Attributes reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `goldengate_deployment_types` - List of GoldenGate Deployment Types. Structure is [documented below](#nested_goldengate_deployment_types).

<a name="nested_goldengate_deployment_types"></a> The `goldengate_deployment_types` block supports:

* `name` - The name of the GoldenGate Deployment Type resource. Format: `projects/{project}/locations/{location}/goldenGateDeploymentTypes/{golden_gate_deployment_type}`

* `deployment_type` - The deployment type of the GoldenGate Deployment Type resource.

* `category` - The category of the GoldenGate Deployment Type resource.

* `connection_types` - The connection types of the GoldenGate Deployment Type resource.

* `display_name` - The display name of the GoldenGate Deployment Type resource.

* `ogg_version` - The OGG version of the GoldenGate Deployment Type resource.

* `source_technologies` - The source technologies of the GoldenGate Deployment Type resource.

* `target_technologies` - The target technologies of the GoldenGate Deployment Type resource.

* `supported_capabilities` - The supported capabilities of the GoldenGate Deployment Type resource.

* `supported_technologies_url` - The supported technologies URL of the GoldenGate Deployment Type resource.

* `default_username` - The default username of the GoldenGate Deployment Type resource.
