---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: Handwritten     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This code is generated by Magic Modules using the following:
#
#     Source file: https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/magic-modules/tree/main/mmv1/third_party/terraform/website/docs/d/parameter_manager_regional_parameters.html.markdown
#
#     DO NOT EDIT this file directly. Any changes made to this file will be
#     overwritten during the next generation cycle.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Parameter Manager"
description: |-
  List the Parameter Manager Regional Parameters.
---

# google_parameter_manager_regional_parameters

Use this data source to list the Parameter Manager Regional Parameters.

## Example Usage

```hcl
data "google_parameter_manager_regional_parameters" "regional-parameters" {
  location = "us-central1"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

- `project` - (optional) The ID of the project.

- `filter` - (optional) Filter string, adhering to the rules in List-operation filtering. List only parameters matching the filter. If filter is empty, all regional parameters are listed.

- `location` - (Required) The location of regional parameter.


## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are
exported:

- `parameters` - A list of regional parameters matching the filter. Structure is [defined below](#nested_parameters).

<a name="nested_parameters"></a>The `parameters` block supports:

- `format` - The format type of the regional parameter.

- `labels` - The labels assigned to the regional parameter.

- `create_time` - The time at which the regional parameter was created.

- `update_time` - The time at which the regional parameter was updated.

- `project` - The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.

- `parameter_id` - The unique name of the resource.

- `name` - The resource name of the regional parameter. Format: `projects/{{project}}/locations/{{location}}/parameters/{{parameter_id}}`

- `kms_key` - The resource name of the Cloud KMS CryptoKey used to encrypt regional parameter version payload. Format `projects/{{project}}/locations/{{location}}/keyRings/{{key_ring}}/cryptoKeys/{{crypto_key}}`

- `policy_member` - An object containing a unique resource identity tied to the regional parameter. Structure is [documented below](#nested_policy_member).

<a name="nested_policy_member"></a>The `policy_member` block contains:

* `iam_policy_uid_principal` - IAM policy binding member referring to a Google Cloud resource by system-assigned unique identifier.
If a resource is deleted and recreated with the same name, the binding will not be applicable to the
new resource. Format:
`principal://parametermanager.googleapis.com/projects/{{project}}/uid/locations/{{location}}/parameters/{{uid}}`

* `iam_policy_name_principal` - AM policy binding member referring to a Google Cloud resource by user-assigned name. If a resource is deleted and recreated with the same name, the binding will be applicable to the
new resource. Format:
`principal://parametermanager.googleapis.com/projects/{{project}}/name/locations/{{location}}/parameters/{{parameter_id}}`