---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: Handwritten     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This code is generated by Magic Modules using the following:
#
#     Source file: https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/magic-modules/tree/main/mmv1/third_party/terraform/website/docs/d/storage_control_organization_intelligence_findings_summary.html.markdown
#
#     DO NOT EDIT this file directly. Any changes made to this file will be
#     overwritten during the next generation cycle.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Cloud Storage Control"
description: |-
  Summarize Storage Control Intelligence Findings in an organization.
---

# google_storage_control_organization_intelligence_findings_summary

Summarizes Cloud Storage intelligence findings in a specified organization and location.

## Example Usage

```hcl
data "google_storage_control_organization_intelligence_findings_summary" "summary" {
  organization = "123456789012"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `organization` - (Required) The ID of the Google Cloud Organization.

* `location` - (Optional) The location of the intelligence findings summary. Currently default value is global and users cannot use for input for now.

* `filter` - (Optional) The filter expression. Supports filtering by FindingType.

* `resource_scope` - (Optional) Determines the granularity of the findings when the parent is an organization or folder. Only supported when parent is an organization or folder. Possible values are PARENT and PROJECT. Default value is PARENT.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `organizations/{{organization}}/locations/{{location}}/intelligenceFindingsSummary`

* `finding_summaries` - The list of FindingSummary summaries. Structure is [documented below](#nested_finding_summaries).

<a name="nested_finding_summaries"></a>The `finding_summaries` block contains:

* `type` - The type of finding.

* `category` - The category of the finding.

* `target_resource` - The fully qualified Cloud resource name for which this summary was generated.

* `create_time` - The creation time of the earliest finding that this summary is based on.

* `update_time` - The time of the most recent update among all the findings that this summary is based on.

* `severity` - Severity of the finding.

* `summary_details` - The SummaryDetails resources. Structure is [documented below](#nested_summary_details).

<a name="nested_summary_details"></a>The `summary_details` block contains:

* `count` - The count of impacted resources.

* `percentage` - The percentage of impacted resources.

* `resource_type` - The type of Cloud resource this summary detail applies to.

* `description` - A short description about the FindingSummary.
