---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: Handwritten     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This code is generated by Magic Modules using the following:
#
#     Source file: https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/magic-modules/tree/main/mmv1/third_party/terraform/website/docs/d/vmwareengine_announcements.html.markdown
#
#     DO NOT EDIT this file directly. Any changes made to this file will be
#     overwritten during the next generation cycle.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Cloud VMware Engine"
description: |-
  List all Announcements for a region.
---

# google_vmwareengine_announcements

Use this data source to list announcements in a region.

## Example Usage

```hcl
data "google_vmwareengine_announcements" "ds" {
	parent =  "projects/my-project/locations/us-west1-a"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `parent` - (Required) The resource name of the region for which announcements will be listed. Resource names are schemeless URIs that follow the conventions in https://cloud.google.com/apis/design/resource_names. For example: projects/my-project/locations/us-west1-a
* `name` - (Optional) The resource name of the specific Announcement to retrieve. If provided, the `announcements` list will contain only this announcement.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `announcements` - A list of VMware Engine announcements. Contains one element if `name` is specified in the arguments, otherwise all announcements for the region.

The `announcements` block supports:
* `name` - The resource name of the announcement.  
* `code` - Code of the announcement. Possible values include: `MAINTENANCE_SCHEDULE_NOT_AVAILABLE`, `MAINTENANCE_SCHEDULE_READY`, `MAINTENANCE_SCHEDULE_LOCKED`, `MAINTENANCE_SCHEDULE_CANCELED`, `MAINTENANCE_INPROGRESS`, `MAINTENANCE_SUCCESSFUL`, `MAINTENANCE_CANCELED`, `MAINTENANCE_PAUSED`, `MAINTENANCE_FAILED`, `IMMUTABLE_MAINTENANCE_SCHEDULE_READY`, `MAINTENANCE_STARTING_SOON`.
* `target_resource_type` - Target Resource Type defines the type of the target for the announcement.
* `metadata` - `Additional structured details about this announcement`
