---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: Handwritten     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This code is generated by Magic Modules using the following:
#
#     Source file: https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/magic-modules/tree/main/mmv1/third_party/terraform/website/docs/d/vmwareengine_upgrades.html.markdown
#
#     DO NOT EDIT this file directly. Any changes made to this file will be
#     overwritten during the next generation cycle.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Cloud VMware Engine"
description: |-
  List all Private Cloud upgrades.
---

# google_vmwareengine_upgrades

Use this data source to list upgrades for a Private Cloud.

## Example Usage

```hcl
data "google_vmwareengine_upgrades" "ds" {
	parent =  "projects/my-project/locations/us-west1-a/privateClouds/my-cloud"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `parent` - (Required) The resource name of the private cloud for which upgrades will be listed. Resource names are schemeless URIs that follow the conventions in https://cloud.google.com/apis/design/resource_names. For example: projects/my-project/locations/us-west1-a/privateClouds/my-cloud
* `name` - (Optional) The resource name of the specific Upgrade to retrieve. If provided, the 'upgrades' list will contain only this upgrade.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `upgrades` - A list of VMware Engine upgrades. Contains one element if 'name' is specified in the arguments, otherwise all upgrades for the private cloud.

The `upgrades` block supports:
* `name` - The resource name of the private cloud Upgrade.
* `end_time` - End time of the upgrade in RFC3339 format. Only set when upgrade reaches a succeeded/failed/cancelled state.
* `state` - The current state of the upgrade. Possible values include: `SCHEDULED`, `ONGOING`, `SUCCEEDED`, `PAUSED`, `FAILED`, `CANCELLING`, `CANCELLED`, `RESCHEDULING`.
* `type` - The type of upgrade. Possible values include: `VSPHERE_UPGRADE`, `VSPHERE_PATCH`, `WORKAROUND`, `FIRMWARE_UPGRADE`, `SWITCH_UPGRADE`, `OTHER`, `INFRASTRUCTURE_UPGRADE`.
* `description` - Additional information about the private cloud upgrade.
* `estimated_duration` - The estimated total duration of the upgrade in seconds. This information can be used to plan or schedule upgrades to minimize disruptions. Please note that the estimated duration is only an estimate. The actual upgrade duration may vary. A duration in seconds with up to nine fractional digits, ending with 's'. Example: "3.5s".
* `schedule` - Schedule details for the upgrade.
* `component_upgrades` - The list of component upgrades.
* `start_version` - The start version of the private cloud for this upgrade.
* `target_version` - The targeted version of the private cloud at the end of the upgrade.

The `upgrades.schedule` block supports:
* `start_time` - The scheduled start time for the upgrade in RFC3339 format.
* `weekly_windows - Weekly time windows for upgrade activities.
* `constraints` - Constraints applied to the schedule.
* `edit_window` - The schedule is open for edits during this time interval.
* `last_editor` - Indicates who most recently edited the upgrade schedule. Possible values: `SYSTEM`, `USER`.

The `upgrades.component_upgrades` block supports:
* `component_type` - The type of vmware component being upgraded.
* `state` - Component's upgrade state.

The `upgrades.schedule.weekly_windows` block supports:
* `day_of_week` - Day of the week for this window.
* `start_time` - Start time for a given day
* `duration` - The duration of the window in seconds.

The `upgrades.schedule.constraints` block supports:
* `min_hours_day` - Minimum number of hours must be allotted for the upgrade activities for each selected day.
* `min_hours_week` - The minimum number of weekly hours must be allotted for the upgrade activities.
* `reschedule_date_range` - The user can only reschedule an upgrade that starts within this range.
* `disallowed_intervals` - A list of intervals in which maintenance windows are not allowed.

The `upgrades.schedule.edit_window` block supports:
* `start_time` - Start of the edit window (RFC3339).
* `end_time` - End of the edit window (RFC3339).
