---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This code is generated by Magic Modules using the following:
#
#     Configuration: https:#github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/magic-modules/tree/main/mmv1/products/accesscontextmanager/AuthorizedOrgsDesc.yaml
#     Template:      https:#github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/magic-modules/tree/main/mmv1/templates/terraform/resource.html.markdown.tmpl
#
#     DO NOT EDIT this file directly. Any changes made to this file will be
#     overwritten during the next generation cycle.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Access Context Manager (VPC Service Controls)"
description: |-
  An authorized organizations description describes a list of organizations
  (1) that have been authorized to use certain asset (for example, device) data
  owned by different organizations at the enforcement points, or (2) with certain
  asset (for example, device) have been authorized to access the resources in
  another organization at the enforcement points.
---

# google_access_context_manager_authorized_orgs_desc

An authorized organizations description describes a list of organizations
(1) that have been authorized to use certain asset (for example, device) data
owned by different organizations at the enforcement points, or (2) with certain
asset (for example, device) have been authorized to access the resources in
another organization at the enforcement points.


To get more information about AuthorizedOrgsDesc, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/access-context-manager/docs/reference/rest/v1/accessPolicies.authorizedOrgsDescs)
* How-to Guides
    * [gcloud docs](https://cloud.google.com/beyondcorp-enterprise/docs/cross-org-authorization)

~> **Warning:** If you are using User ADCs (Application Default Credentials) with this resource,
you must specify a `billing_project` and set `user_project_override` to true
in the provider configuration. Otherwise the ACM API will return a 403 error.
Your account must have the `serviceusage.services.use` permission on the
`billing_project` you defined.

## Example Usage - Access Context Manager Authorized Orgs Desc Basic


```hcl
resource "google_access_context_manager_authorized_orgs_desc" "authorized-orgs-desc" {
  parent = "accessPolicies/${google_access_context_manager_access_policy.test-access.name}"
  name   = "accessPolicies/${google_access_context_manager_access_policy.test-access.name}/authorizedOrgsDescs/fakeDescName"
  authorization_type = "AUTHORIZATION_TYPE_TRUST"
  asset_type = "ASSET_TYPE_CREDENTIAL_STRENGTH"
  authorization_direction = "AUTHORIZATION_DIRECTION_TO"
  orgs = ["organizations/12345", "organizations/98765"]
}

resource "google_access_context_manager_access_policy" "test-access" {
  parent = "organizations/123456789"
  title  = "my policy"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `parent` -
  (Required)
  Required. Resource name for the access policy which owns this `AuthorizedOrgsDesc`.

* `name` -
  (Required)
  Resource name for the `AuthorizedOrgsDesc`. Format:
  `accessPolicies/{access_policy}/authorizedOrgsDescs/{authorized_orgs_desc}`.
  The `authorized_orgs_desc` component must begin with a letter, followed by
  alphanumeric characters or `_`.
  After you create an `AuthorizedOrgsDesc`, you cannot change its `name`.


* `orgs` -
  (Optional)
  The list of organization ids in this AuthorizedOrgsDesc.
  Format: `organizations/<org_number>`
  Example: `organizations/123456`

* `asset_type` -
  (Optional)
  The type of entities that need to use the authorization relationship during
  evaluation, such as a device. Valid values are "ASSET_TYPE_DEVICE" and
  "ASSET_TYPE_CREDENTIAL_STRENGTH".
  Possible values are: `ASSET_TYPE_DEVICE`, `ASSET_TYPE_CREDENTIAL_STRENGTH`.

* `authorization_direction` -
  (Optional)
  The direction of the authorization relationship between this organization
  and the organizations listed in the "orgs" field. The valid values for this
  field include the following:
  AUTHORIZATION_DIRECTION_FROM: Allows this organization to evaluate traffic
  in the organizations listed in the `orgs` field.
  AUTHORIZATION_DIRECTION_TO: Allows the organizations listed in the `orgs`
  field to evaluate the traffic in this organization.
  For the authorization relationship to take effect, all of the organizations
  must authorize and specify the appropriate relationship direction. For
  example, if organization A authorized organization B and C to evaluate its
  traffic, by specifying "AUTHORIZATION_DIRECTION_TO" as the authorization
  direction, organizations B and C must specify
  "AUTHORIZATION_DIRECTION_FROM" as the authorization direction in their
  "AuthorizedOrgsDesc" resource.
  Possible values are: `AUTHORIZATION_DIRECTION_TO`, `AUTHORIZATION_DIRECTION_FROM`.

* `authorization_type` -
  (Optional)
  A granular control type for authorization levels. Valid value is "AUTHORIZATION_TYPE_TRUST".
  Possible values are: `AUTHORIZATION_TYPE_TRUST`.

* `deletion_policy` - (Optional) Whether Terraform will be prevented from destroying the resource. Defaults to DELETE.
	When a 'terraform destroy' or 'terraform apply' would delete the resource,
	the command will fail if this field is set to "PREVENT" in Terraform state.
	When set to "ABANDON", the command will remove the resource from Terraform
	management without updating or deleting the resource in the API.
	When set to "DELETE", deleting the resource is allowed.


## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `{{name}}`

* `create_time` -
  Time the AuthorizedOrgsDesc was created in UTC.

* `update_time` -
  Time the AuthorizedOrgsDesc was updated in UTC.


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


AuthorizedOrgsDesc can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

* `{{name}}`


In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import AuthorizedOrgsDesc using one of the formats above. For example:

```tf
import {
  id = "{{name}}"
  to = google_access_context_manager_authorized_orgs_desc.default
}
```

When using the [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import), AuthorizedOrgsDesc can be imported using one of the formats above. For example:

```
$ terraform import google_access_context_manager_authorized_orgs_desc.default {{name}}
```
