---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This code is generated by Magic Modules using the following:
#
#     Configuration: https:#github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/magic-modules/tree/main/mmv1/products/accesscontextmanager/ServicePerimeterIngressPolicy.yaml
#     Template:      https:#github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/magic-modules/tree/main/mmv1/templates/terraform/resource.html.markdown.tmpl
#
#     DO NOT EDIT this file directly. Any changes made to this file will be
#     overwritten during the next generation cycle.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Access Context Manager (VPC Service Controls)"
description: |-
  Manage a single IngressPolicy in the status (enforced) configuration for a service perimeter.
---

# google_access_context_manager_service_perimeter_ingress_policy

Manage a single IngressPolicy in the status (enforced) configuration for a service perimeter.
IngressPolicies match requests based on ingressFrom and ingressTo stanzas. For an ingress policy to match,
both the ingressFrom and ingressTo stanzas must be matched. If an IngressPolicy matches a request,
the request is allowed through the perimeter boundary from outside the perimeter.
For example, access from the internet can be allowed either based on an AccessLevel or,
for traffic hosted on Google Cloud, the project of the source network.
For access from private networks, using the project of the hosting network is required.
Individual ingress policies can be limited by restricting which services and/
or actions they match using the ingressTo field.

~> **Note:** By default, updates to this resource will remove the IngressPolicy from the
from the perimeter and add it back in a non-atomic manner. To ensure that the new IngressPolicy
is added before the old one is removed, add a `lifecycle` block with `create_before_destroy = true` to this resource.
~> **Note:** If this resource is used alongside a `google_access_context_manager_service_perimeter` resource,
the service perimeter resource must have a `lifecycle` block with `ignore_changes = [status[0].ingress_policies]` so
they don't fight over which ingress rules should be in the policy.


To get more information about ServicePerimeterIngressPolicy, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/access-context-manager/docs/reference/rest/v1/accessPolicies.servicePerimeters#ingresspolicy)
* How-to Guides
    * [Guide to Ingress and Egress Rules](https://cloud.google.com/vpc-service-controls/docs/ingress-egress-rules)

## Example Usage - Access Context Manager Service Perimeter Ingress Policy


```hcl
resource "google_access_context_manager_service_perimeter" "storage-perimeter" {
  parent = "accessPolicies/${google_access_context_manager_access_policy.access-policy.name}"
  name   = "accessPolicies/${google_access_context_manager_access_policy.access-policy.name}/servicePerimeters/storage_perimeter"
  title  = "Storage Perimeter"
  status {
    restricted_services = ["storage.googleapis.com"]
  }
  lifecycle {
    ignore_changes = [status[0].ingress_policies] # Allows ingress policies to be managed by google_access_context_manager_service_perimeter_ingress_policy resources
  }
}

resource "google_access_context_manager_service_perimeter_ingress_policy" "ingress_policy" {
  perimeter = "${google_access_context_manager_service_perimeter.storage-perimeter.name}"
  title = "ingress policy title"
  ingress_from {
    identity_type = "any_identity"
    sources {
      access_level = "*"
    }
  }
  ingress_to {
    resources = ["*"]
    operations {
      service_name = "bigquery.googleapis.com"
      method_selectors {
        method = "*"
      }
    }
  }
  lifecycle {
    create_before_destroy = true
  }
}


resource "google_access_context_manager_access_policy" "access-policy" {
  parent = "organizations/123456789"
  title  = "Storage Policy"
}
```
## Example Usage - Access Context Manager Service Perimeter Ingress Policy Granular Controls


```hcl
resource "google_access_context_manager_service_perimeter" "storage-perimeter" {
  parent = "accessPolicies/${google_access_context_manager_access_policy.access-policy.name}"
  name   = "accessPolicies/${google_access_context_manager_access_policy.access-policy.name}/servicePerimeters/storage_perimeter"
  title  = "Storage Perimeter"
  status {
    restricted_services = ["storage.googleapis.com"]
  }
  lifecycle {
    ignore_changes = [status[0].ingress_policies] # Allows ingress policies to be managed by google_access_context_manager_service_perimeter_ingress_policy resources
  }
}

resource "google_access_context_manager_service_perimeter_ingress_policy" "ingress_policy" {
  perimeter = "${google_access_context_manager_service_perimeter.storage-perimeter.name}"
  title = "ingress policy title"
  ingress_from {
    sources {
      resource = "projects/1234" 
    }
    identities = ["group:database-admins@google.com"]
    identities = ["principal://iam.googleapis.com/locations/global/workforcePools/1234/subject/janedoe"]
    identities = ["principalSet://iam.googleapis.com/locations/global/workforcePools/1234/*"]
  }
  ingress_to {
    resources = [ "*" ]
    roles = ["roles/bigquery.admin", "organizations/1234/roles/bigquery_custom_role"]
  }
  lifecycle {
    create_before_destroy = true
  }
}


resource "google_access_context_manager_access_policy" "access-policy" {
  parent = "organizations/123456789"
  title  = "Storage Policy"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `perimeter` -
  (Required)
  The name of the Service Perimeter to add this resource to.


* `ingress_from` -
  (Optional)
  Defines the conditions on the source of a request causing this `IngressPolicy`
  to apply.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_ingress_from).

* `ingress_to` -
  (Optional)
  Defines the conditions on the `ApiOperation` and request destination that cause
  this `IngressPolicy` to apply.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_ingress_to).

* `title` -
  (Optional)
  Human readable title. Must be unique within the perimeter. Does not affect behavior.



<a name="nested_ingress_from"></a>The `ingress_from` block supports:

* `identity_type` -
  (Optional)
  Specifies the type of identities that are allowed access from outside the
  perimeter. If left unspecified, then members of `identities` field will be
  allowed access.
  Possible values are: `ANY_IDENTITY`, `ANY_USER_ACCOUNT`, `ANY_SERVICE_ACCOUNT`.

* `identities` -
  (Optional)
  Identities can be an individual user, service account, Google group,
  or third-party identity. For third-party identity, only single identities
  are supported and other identity types are not supported.The v1 identities
  that have the prefix user, group and serviceAccount in
  https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/principal-identifiers#v1 are supported.

* `sources` -
  (Optional)
  Sources that this `IngressPolicy` authorizes access from.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_ingress_from_sources).


<a name="nested_ingress_from_sources"></a>The `sources` block supports:

* `access_level` -
  (Optional)
  An `AccessLevel` resource name that allow resources within the
  `ServicePerimeters` to be accessed from the internet. `AccessLevels` listed
  must be in the same policy as this `ServicePerimeter`. Referencing a nonexistent
  `AccessLevel` will cause an error. If no `AccessLevel` names are listed,
  resources within the perimeter can only be accessed via Google Cloud calls
  with request origins within the perimeter.
  Example `accessPolicies/MY_POLICY/accessLevels/MY_LEVEL.`
  If * is specified, then all IngressSources will be allowed.

* `resource` -
  (Optional)
  A Google Cloud resource that is allowed to ingress the perimeter.
  Requests from these resources will be allowed to access perimeter data.
  Currently only projects and VPCs are allowed.
  Project format: `projects/{projectNumber}`
  VPC network format:
  `//compute.googleapis.com/projects/{PROJECT_ID}/global/networks/{NAME}`.
  The project may be in any Google Cloud organization, not just the
  organization that the perimeter is defined in. `*` is not allowed, the case
  of allowing all Google Cloud resources only is not supported.

<a name="nested_ingress_to"></a>The `ingress_to` block supports:

* `resources` -
  (Optional)
  A list of resources, currently only projects in the form
  `projects/<projectnumber>`, protected by this `ServicePerimeter`
  that are allowed to be accessed by sources defined in the
  corresponding `IngressFrom`. A request matches if it contains
  a resource in this list. If `*` is specified for resources,
  then this `IngressTo` rule will authorize access to all
  resources inside the perimeter, provided that the request
  also matches the `operations` field.

* `roles` -
  (Optional)
  A list of IAM roles that represent the set of operations that the sources
  specified in the corresponding `IngressFrom`
  are allowed to perform.

* `operations` -
  (Optional)
  A list of `ApiOperations` the sources specified in corresponding `IngressFrom`
  are allowed to perform in this `ServicePerimeter`.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_ingress_to_operations).


<a name="nested_ingress_to_operations"></a>The `operations` block supports:

* `service_name` -
  (Optional)
  The name of the API whose methods or permissions the `IngressPolicy` or
  `EgressPolicy` want to allow. A single `ApiOperation` with `serviceName`
  field set to `*` will allow all methods AND permissions for all services.

* `method_selectors` -
  (Optional)
  API methods or permissions to allow. Method or permission must belong to
  the service specified by serviceName field. A single `MethodSelector` entry
  with `*` specified for the method field will allow all methods AND
  permissions for the service specified in `serviceName`.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_ingress_to_operations_method_selectors).


<a name="nested_ingress_to_operations_method_selectors"></a>The `method_selectors` block supports:

* `method` -
  (Optional)
  Value for method should be a valid method name for the corresponding
  serviceName in `ApiOperation`. If `*` used as value for `method`, then
  ALL methods and permissions are allowed.

* `permission` -
  (Optional)
  Value for permission should be a valid Cloud IAM permission for the
  corresponding `serviceName` in `ApiOperation`.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `{{perimeter}}`

* `access_policy_id` -
  The name of the Access Policy this resource belongs to.

* `etag` -
  The perimeter etag is internally used to prevent overwriting the list of policies on PATCH calls. It is retrieved from the same GET perimeter API call that's used to get the current list of policies. The policy defined in this resource is added or removed from that list, and then this etag is sent with the PATCH call along with the updated policies.


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import

This resource does not support import.
