---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Managed Microsoft Active Directory"
page_title: "Google: google_active_directory_domain"
description: |-
  Creates a Microsoft AD domain
---

# google\_active\_directory\_domain

Creates a Microsoft AD domain


To get more information about Domain, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/managed-microsoft-ad/reference/rest/v1/projects.locations.global.domains)
* How-to Guides
    * [Managed Microsoft Active Directory Quickstart](https://cloud.google.com/managed-microsoft-ad/docs/quickstarts)

## Example Usage - Active Directory Domain Basic


```hcl
resource "google_active_directory_domain" "ad-domain" {
  domain_name       = "tfgen.org.com"
  locations         = ["us-central1"]
  reserved_ip_range = "192.168.255.0/24" 
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `reserved_ip_range` -
  (Required)
  The CIDR range of internal addresses that are reserved for this domain. Reserved networks must be /24 or larger. 
  Ranges must be unique and non-overlapping with existing subnets in authorizedNetworks

* `locations` -
  (Required)
  Locations where domain needs to be provisioned. [regions][compute/docs/regions-zones/] 
  e.g. us-west1 or us-east4 Service supports up to 4 locations at once. Each location will use a /26 block.

* `domain_name` -
  (Required)
  The fully qualified domain name. e.g. mydomain.myorganization.com, with the restrictions, 
  https://cloud.google.com/managed-microsoft-ad/reference/rest/v1/projects.locations.global.domains.


- - -


* `labels` -
  (Optional)
  Resource labels that can contain user-provided metadata

* `authorized_networks` -
  (Optional)
  The full names of the Google Compute Engine networks the domain instance is connected to. The domain is only available on networks listed in authorizedNetworks.
  If CIDR subnets overlap between networks, domain creation will fail.

* `admin` -
  (Optional)
  The name of delegated administrator account used to perform Active Directory operations. 
  If not specified, setupadmin will be used.

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.


## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `{{name}}`

* `name` -
  The unique name of the domain using the format: `projects/{project}/locations/global/domains/{domainName}`.

* `fqdn` -
  The fully-qualified domain name of the exposed domain used by clients to connect to the service. 
  Similar to what would be chosen for an Active Directory set up on an internal network.


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](/docs/configuration/resources.html#timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 60 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 60 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 60 minutes.

## Import


Domain can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

```
$ terraform import google_active_directory_domain.default {{name}}
```

## User Project Overrides

This resource supports [User Project Overrides](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/provider_reference#user_project_override).
