---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This code is generated by Magic Modules using the following:
#
#     Configuration: https:#github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/magic-modules/tree/main/mmv1/products/agentidentity/AuthProvider.yaml
#     Template:      https:#github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/magic-modules/tree/main/mmv1/templates/terraform/resource.html.markdown.tmpl
#
#     DO NOT EDIT this file directly. Any changes made to this file will be
#     overwritten during the next generation cycle.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Agent Identity"
description: |-
  An AuthProvider resource in Agent Identity to manage cloud authentication delegation.
---

# google_agent_identity_auth_provider

An AuthProvider resource in Agent Identity to manage cloud authentication delegation.



~> **Warning:** All arguments including the following potentially sensitive
values will be stored in the raw state as plain text: `auth_provider_type_params.api_key.api_key`, `auth_provider_type_params.three_legged_oauth.client_secret`, `auth_provider_type_params.two_legged_oauth.client_secret`.
[Read more about sensitive data in state](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/manage-sensitive-data).

~> **Note:**  All arguments marked as write-only values will not be stored in the state: `auth_provider_type_params.three_legged_oauth.client_secret_wo`, `auth_provider_type_params.two_legged_oauth.client_secret_wo`.
[Read more about Write-only Arguments](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/write-only-arguments).

## Example Usage - Agent Identity Auth Provider Basic


```hcl
resource "google_agent_identity_auth_provider" "default" {
    location         = "us-central1"
    auth_provider_id = "example-provider"
  
    auth_provider_type_params {
      api_key {
        api_key = "test-api-key-value"
      }
    }
  }
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `auth_provider_type_params` -
  (Required)
  AuthProvider type specific parameters.
  Required when creating an auth_provider.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_auth_provider_type_params).

* `location` -
  (Required)
  Resource ID segment making up resource `name`. It identifies the resource within its parent collection as described in https://google.aip.dev/122.

* `auth_provider_id` -
  (Required)
  The ID to use for the AuthProvider, which will become the final segment
  of the AuthProvider's resource name.
  This value should be 1-63 characters, and valid characters
  are /a-z-/. The first character must be a lowercase letter, and the
  last character must be a lowercase letter or a number.


* `allowed_scopes` -
  (Optional)
  List of scopes that are allowed to be requested for this auth_provider.
  If this list is non-empty, only scopes within this list may be requested.
  If this list is empty, all scopes may be requested.
  Scopes appearing in `blocked_scopes` are disallowed even if they appear in
  `allowed_scopes`.
  The number of allowed scopes is limited to 200.

* `blocked_scopes` -
  (Optional)
  List of scopes that are blocked from being requested for this
  auth_provider. If a scope appears in this list, it will not be requested,
  even if it also appears in `allowed_scopes`. `blocked_scopes` takes
  precedence over `allowed_scopes`. The number of blocked scopes is limited
  to 200.

* `description` -
  (Optional)
  Description of the resource.
  Must be less than 256 characters.

* `labels` -
  (Optional)
  Labels as key value pairs
  **Note**: This field is non-authoritative, and will only manage the labels present in your configuration.
  Please refer to the field `effective_labels` for all of the labels present on the resource.

* `workload_ids` -
  (Optional)
  Input only. Represents the workload identity in IAM `principal://` format of the
  agent(s) that will use this AuthProvider. Example:
  `principal://agents.global.org-${ORG_ID}.system.id.goog/resources/aiplatform/projects/{PROJECT_ID}/locations/{LOCATIONS}/reasoningEngines/{ID}`

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.

* `deletion_policy` - (Optional) Whether Terraform will be prevented from destroying the resource. Defaults to DELETE.
	When a 'terraform destroy' or 'terraform apply' would delete the resource,
	the command will fail if this field is set to "PREVENT" in Terraform state.
	When set to "ABANDON", the command will remove the resource from Terraform
	management without updating or deleting the resource in the API.
	When set to "DELETE", deleting the resource is allowed.


<a name="nested_auth_provider_type_params"></a>The `auth_provider_type_params` block supports:

* `api_key` -
  (Optional)
  Message describing ApiKeyParams object.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_auth_provider_type_params_api_key).

* `ge_auth_provider` -
  (Output)
  Message describing GeminiEnterpriseAuthProviderParams object.
  Since GeminiEnterpriseAuthProviderParams currently takes no subfields, defining this empty block selects the ge_auth_provider type.

* `three_legged_oauth` -
  (Optional)
  Message describing ThreeLeggedOAuth object.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_auth_provider_type_params_three_legged_oauth).

* `two_legged_oauth` -
  (Optional)
  Message describing TwoLeggedOAuth object.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_auth_provider_type_params_two_legged_oauth).


<a name="nested_auth_provider_type_params_api_key"></a>The `api_key` block supports:

* `api_key` -
  (Optional)
  Input only. The API key for this auth_provider.
  **Note**: This property is sensitive and will not be displayed in the plan.

<a name="nested_auth_provider_type_params_three_legged_oauth"></a>The `three_legged_oauth` block supports:

* `authorization_url` -
  (Optional)
  The authorization endpoint to send users to for consenting to delegate
  to the agent.
  eg. "https://auth.atlassian.com/authorize"

* `client_id` -
  (Optional)
  The client ID of the OAuth client.

* `client_secret` -
  (Optional)
  Input only. The client secret of the OAuth client.
  **Note**: This property is sensitive and will not be displayed in the plan.

* `default_continue_uri` -
  (Optional)
  The default continue URI for 3LO flow and it will be used when no continue
  URI is provided in the RetrieveCredentials request.

* `enable_pkce` -
  (Optional)
  Enables Proof Key for Code Exchange (PKCE) for the OAuth flow to prevent
  authorization code interception attacks.

* `redirect_url` -
  (Output)
  The redirect URL this auth_provider uses for the OAuth exchange.
  This is deterministic based on the name of the auth_provider.

* `token_url` -
  (Optional)
  The token endpoint for requesting tokens on behalf of an end user.
  eg. "https://auth.atlassian.com/oauth/token"

* `client_secret_wo` -
  (Optional, Write-Only)
  Input only. The client secret of the OAuth client.
  **Note**: This property is write-only and will not be read from the API.

  ~> **Note:** One of `client_secret` or `client_secret_wo` can only be set.

* `client_secret_wo_version` -
  (Optional)
  Triggers update of `client_secret_wo` write-only. Increment this value when an update to `client_secret_wo` is needed. For more info see [updating write-only arguments](/docs/providers/google/guides/using_write_only_arguments.html#updating-write-only-arguments)

<a name="nested_auth_provider_type_params_two_legged_oauth"></a>The `two_legged_oauth` block supports:

* `client_id` -
  (Optional)
  The client ID of the OAuth client.

* `client_secret` -
  (Optional)
  Input only. The client secret of the OAuth client.
  **Note**: This property is sensitive and will not be displayed in the plan.

* `token_url` -
  (Optional)
  The token endpoint of the OAuth client.

* `client_secret_wo` -
  (Optional, Write-Only)
  Input only. The client secret of the OAuth client.
  **Note**: This property is write-only and will not be read from the API.

  ~> **Note:** One of `client_secret` or `client_secret_wo` can only be set.

* `client_secret_wo_version` -
  (Optional)
  Triggers update of `client_secret_wo` write-only. Increment this value when an update to `client_secret_wo` is needed. For more info see [updating write-only arguments](/docs/providers/google/guides/using_write_only_arguments.html#updating-write-only-arguments)

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `projects/{{project}}/locations/{{location}}/authProviders/{{auth_provider_id}}`

* `create_time` -
  [Output only] Create time stamp

* `deleted` -
  This is set to true if the auth_provider is deleted.

* `expire_time` -
  The time when the auth_provider will expire.

* `name` -
  Identifier. The full resource name of the auth_provider. Format:
  projects/{project}/locations/{location}/authProviders/{auth_provider}

* `state` -
  The state of the auth_provider.
  Possible values:
  ENABLED
  DISABLED

* `update_time` -
  [Output only] Update time stamp

* `terraform_labels` -
  The combination of labels configured directly on the resource
   and default labels configured on the provider.

* `effective_labels` -
  All of labels (key/value pairs) present on the resource in GCP, including the labels configured through Terraform, other clients and services.


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


AuthProvider can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

* `projects/{{project}}/locations/{{location}}/authProviders/{{auth_provider_id}}`
* `{{project}}/{{location}}/{{auth_provider_id}}`
* `{{location}}/{{auth_provider_id}}`

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, use an [`identity` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/block/import#identity) to import AuthProvider using identity values. For example:

```tf
import {
  identity = {
    location = "<-required value->"
    authProviderId = "<-required value->"
    project = "<-optional value->"
  }
  to = google_agent_identity_auth_provider.default
}
```

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import AuthProvider using one of the formats above. For example:

```tf
import {
  id = "projects/{{project}}/locations/{{location}}/authProviders/{{auth_provider_id}}"
  to = google_agent_identity_auth_provider.default
}
```

When using the [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import), AuthProvider can be imported using one of the formats above. For example:

```
$ terraform import google_agent_identity_auth_provider.default projects/{{project}}/locations/{{location}}/authProviders/{{auth_provider_id}}
$ terraform import google_agent_identity_auth_provider.default {{project}}/{{location}}/{{auth_provider_id}}
$ terraform import google_agent_identity_auth_provider.default {{location}}/{{auth_provider_id}}
```

## User Project Overrides

This resource supports [User Project Overrides](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/provider_reference#user_project_override).
