---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This code is generated by Magic Modules using the following:
#
#     Configuration: https:#github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/magic-modules/tree/main/mmv1/products/apihub/Curation.yaml
#     Template:      https:#github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/magic-modules/tree/main/mmv1/templates/terraform/resource.html.markdown.tmpl
#
#     DO NOT EDIT this file directly. Any changes made to this file will be
#     overwritten during the next generation cycle.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "API Hub"
description: |-
  Description
---

# google_apihub_curation

Description



## Example Usage - Apihub Curation Basic


```hcl
resource "google_apihub_curation" "apihub_curation_basic" {
  location = "us-central1"
  curation_id = "test"
  project = "apihub-terraform"
  display_name = "Test Curation"
  description = "This is a sample curation resource managed by Terraform."
  endpoint {
    application_integration_endpoint_details {
      trigger_id = "api_trigger/curation_API_1"
      uri = "https://integrations.googleapis.com/v1/projects/1082615593856/locations/us-central1/integrations/curation:execute"
    }
  }

}


```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `display_name` -
  (Required)
  The display name of the curation.

* `endpoint` -
  (Required)
  The endpoint to be triggered for curation.
  The endpoint will be invoked with a request payload containing
  ApiMetadata.
  Response should contain curated data in the form of
  ApiMetadata.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_endpoint).

* `location` -
  (Required)
  Resource ID segment making up resource `name`. It identifies the resource within its parent collection as described in https://google.aip.dev/122.

* `curation_id` -
  (Required)
  The ID to use for the curation resource, which will become the final
  component of the curations's resource name. This field is optional.
  * If provided, the same will be used. The service will throw an error if
  the specified ID is already used by another curation resource in the API
  hub.
  * If not provided, a system generated ID will be used.
  This value should be 4-500 characters, and valid characters
  are /a-z[0-9]-_/.


* `description` -
  (Optional)
  The description of the curation.

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.



<a name="nested_endpoint"></a>The `endpoint` block supports:

* `application_integration_endpoint_details` -
  (Required)
  The details of the Application Integration endpoint to be triggered for
  curation.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_endpoint_application_integration_endpoint_details).


<a name="nested_endpoint_application_integration_endpoint_details"></a>The `application_integration_endpoint_details` block supports:

* `trigger_id` -
  (Required)
  The API trigger ID of the Application Integration workflow.

* `uri` -
  (Required)
  The endpoint URI should be a valid REST URI for triggering an Application
  Integration.
  Format:
  `https://integrations.googleapis.com/v1/{name=projects/*/locations/*/integrations/*}:execute`
  or
  `https://{location}-integrations.googleapis.com/v1/{name=projects/*/locations/*/integrations/*}:execute`

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `projects/{{project}}/locations/{{location}}/curations/{{curation_id}}`

* `name` -
  Identifier. The name of the curation.
  Format:
  `projects/{project}/locations/{location}/curations/{curation}`

* `last_execution_state` -
  The last execution state of the curation.
  Possible values:
  LAST_EXECUTION_STATE_UNSPECIFIED
  SUCCEEDED
  FAILED

* `last_execution_error_message` -
  Error message describing the failure, if any, during the last execution of
  the curation.

* `plugin_instance_actions` -
  The plugin instances and associated actions that are using the curation.
  Note: A particular curation could be used by multiple plugin instances or
  multiple actions in a plugin instance.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_plugin_instance_actions).

* `last_execution_error_code` -
  The error code of the last execution of the curation. The error code is
  populated only when the last execution state is failed.
  Possible values:
  ERROR_CODE_UNSPECIFIED
  INTERNAL_ERROR
  UNAUTHORIZED

* `create_time` -
  The time at which the curation was created.

* `update_time` -
  The time at which the curation was last updated.


<a name="nested_plugin_instance_actions"></a>The `plugin_instance_actions` block contains:

* `plugin_instance` -
  (Output)
  Plugin instance that is using the curation.
  Format is
  `projects/{project}/locations/{locati on}/plugins/{plugin}/instances/{instance}`

* `action_id` -
  (Output)
  The action ID that is using the curation.
  This should map to one of the action IDs specified
  in action configs in the plugin.

## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


Curation can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

* `projects/{{project}}/locations/{{location}}/curations/{{curation_id}}`
* `{{project}}/{{location}}/{{curation_id}}`
* `{{location}}/{{curation_id}}`


In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import Curation using one of the formats above. For example:

```tf
import {
  id = "projects/{{project}}/locations/{{location}}/curations/{{curation_id}}"
  to = google_apihub_curation.default
}
```

When using the [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import), Curation can be imported using one of the formats above. For example:

```
$ terraform import google_apihub_curation.default projects/{{project}}/locations/{{location}}/curations/{{curation_id}}
$ terraform import google_apihub_curation.default {{project}}/{{location}}/{{curation_id}}
$ terraform import google_apihub_curation.default {{location}}/{{curation_id}}
```

## User Project Overrides

This resource supports [User Project Overrides](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/provider_reference#user_project_override).
