---
subcategory: "Cloud Bigtable"
layout: "google"
page_title: "Google: google_bigtable_instance_iam"
sidebar_current: "docs-google-bigtable-instance-iam"
description: |-
 Collection of resources to manage IAM policy for a Bigtable instance.
---

# IAM policy for Bigtable instance

Three different resources help you manage IAM policies on bigtable instances. Each of these resources serves a different use case:

* `google_bigtable_instance_iam_policy`: Authoritative. Sets the IAM policy for the instance and replaces any existing policy already attached.
* `google_bigtable_instance_iam_binding`: Authoritative for a given role. Updates the IAM policy to grant a role to a list of members. Other roles within the IAM policy for the instance are preserved.
* `google_bigtable_instance_iam_member`: Non-authoritative. Updates the IAM policy to grant a role to a new member. Other members for the role for the instance are preserved.

~> **Note:** `google_bigtable_instance_iam_policy` **cannot** be used in conjunction with `google_bigtable_instance_iam_binding` and `google_bigtable_instance_iam_member` or they will fight over what your policy should be. In addition, be careful not to accidentally unset ownership of the instance as `google_bigtable_instance_iam_policy` replaces the entire policy.

~> **Note:** `google_bigtable_instance_iam_binding` resources **can be** used in conjunction with `google_bigtable_instance_iam_member` resources **only if** they do not grant privilege to the same role.

## google\_bigtable\_instance\_iam\_policy

```hcl
data "google_iam_policy" "admin" {
  binding {
    role = "roles/editor"
    members = [
      "user:jane@example.com",
    ]
  }
}

resource "google_bigtable_instance_iam_policy" "editor" {
  project     = "your-project"
  instance    = "your-bigtable-instance"
  policy_data = data.google_iam_policy.admin.policy_data
}
```

## google\_bigtable\_instance\_iam\_binding

```hcl
resource "google_bigtable_instance_iam_binding" "editor" {
  instance = "your-bigtable-instance"
  role     = "roles/editor"
  members = [
    "user:jane@example.com",
  ]
}
```

## google\_bigtable\_instance\_iam\_member

```hcl
resource "google_bigtable_instance_iam_member" "editor" {
  instance = "your-bigtable-instance"
  role     = "roles/editor"
  member   = "user:jane@example.com"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `instance` - (Required) The name or relative resource id of the instance to manage IAM policies for.

For `google_bigtable_instance_iam_member` or `google_bigtable_instance_iam_binding`:

* `member/members` - (Required) Identities that will be granted the privilege in `role`.
  Each entry can have one of the following values:
  * **allUsers**: A special identifier that represents anyone who is on the internet; with or without a Google account.
  * **allAuthenticatedUsers**: A special identifier that represents anyone who is authenticated with a Google account or a service account.
  * **user:{emailid}**: An email address that represents a specific Google account. For example, alice@gmail.com or joe@example.com.
  * **serviceAccount:{emailid}**: An email address that represents a service account. For example, my-other-app@appspot.gserviceaccount.com.
  * **group:{emailid}**: An email address that represents a Google group. For example, admins@example.com.
  * **domain:{domain}**: A G Suite domain (primary, instead of alias) name that represents all the users of that domain. For example, google.com or example.com.

* `role` - (Required) The role that should be applied. Only one
    `google_bigtable_instance_iam_binding` can be used per role. Note that custom roles must be of the format
    `[projects|organizations]/{parent-name}/roles/{role-name}`.

`google_bigtable_instance_iam_policy` only:
* `policy_data` - (Required) The policy data generated by a `google_iam_policy` data source.

- - -

* `project` - (Optional) The project in which the instance belongs. If it
    is not provided, Terraform will use the provider default.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are
exported:

* `etag` - (Computed) The etag of the instances's IAM policy.

## Import

Instance IAM resources can be imported using the project, instance name, role and/or member.

```
$ terraform import google_bigtable_instance_iam_policy.editor "projects/{project}/instances/{instance}"

$ terraform import google_bigtable_instance_iam_binding.editor "projects/{project}/instances/{instance} roles/editor"

$ terraform import google_bigtable_instance_iam_member.editor "projects/{project}/instances/{instance} roles/editor user:jane@example.com"
```

-> **Custom Roles**: If you're importing a IAM resource with a custom role, make sure to use the
 full name of the custom role, e.g. `[projects/my-project|organizations/my-org]/roles/my-custom-role`.
