---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This code is generated by Magic Modules using the following:
#
#     Configuration: https:#github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/magic-modules/tree/main/mmv1/products/chronicle/Parser.yaml
#     Template:      https:#github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/magic-modules/tree/main/mmv1/templates/terraform/resource.html.markdown.tmpl
#
#     DO NOT EDIT this file directly. Any changes made to this file will be
#     overwritten during the next generation cycle.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Chronicle"
description: |-
  A parser is a configuration that parses raw logs of a specific log type into Unified Data Model (UDM) events.
---

# google_chronicle_parser

A parser is a configuration that parses raw logs of a specific log type into Unified Data Model (UDM) events.
Chronicle supports both customer-created custom parsers and Google-provided prebuilt parsers.


To get more information about Parser, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/chronicle/docs/reference/rest/v1/projects.locations.instances.logTypes.parsers)
* How-to Guides
    * [Custom parsers overview](https://cloud.google.com/chronicle/docs/detection/custom-parsers-overview)

## Example Usage - Chronicle Parser Basic


```hcl
resource "google_chronicle_parser" "example" {
  location = "us"
  instance = "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000"
  logtype  = "WINDOWS_DHCP" # Static standard prebuilt log type
  validation_skipped = true
  cbn = "ZHVtbXkgcGFyc2VyIGNvbmZpZw==" # Base64 encoded "dummy parser config"
}
```
## Example Usage - Chronicle Parser Full


```hcl
resource "google_chronicle_parser" "example" {
  location = "us"
  instance = "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000"
  logtype  = "LINUX_DHCP" # Unique log type to prevent CI parallel test collisions
  validated_on_empty_logs = false
  validation_skipped      = true

  low_code {
    log = "ZHVtbXkgbG9nIGJ5dGVz" # Base64 encoded "dummy log bytes"
    field_extractors {
      log_format = "JSON"
      append_repeated_fields = true

      preprocess_config {
        grok_regex = "(?P<message>.*)"
        target     = "message"
      }

      extractors {
        field_path       = "$.ip"
        destination_path = "udm.principal.ip"
        precondition_op   = "EQUALS"
        precondition_path = "$.event"
        precondition_value = "login"
      }

      extractors {
        destination_path = "udm.metadata.product_name"
        value            = "Google"
      }
    }
  }

  version_info {
    auto_upgrade_disabled = false
  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `location` -
  (Required)
  Resource ID segment making up resource `name`. It identifies the resource within its parent collection as described in https://google.aip.dev/122.

* `instance` -
  (Required)
  Resource ID segment making up resource `name`. It identifies the resource within its parent collection as described in https://google.aip.dev/122.

* `logtype` -
  (Required)
  Resource ID segment making up resource `name`. It identifies the resource within its parent collection as described in https://google.aip.dev/122.


* `cbn` -
  (Optional)
  if the parser is built using config
  documentation:
  https://cloud.google.com/chronicle/docs/preview/parser-extensions/parsing-overview

* `low_code` -
  (Optional)
  Message to represent LowCodeParser.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_low_code).

* `validated_on_empty_logs` -
  (Optional)
  Flag to bypass parser validation when no logs are found.
  If enabled, the parser won't be be rejected during the validation
  phase when no logs are found.

* `validation_skipped` -
  (Optional)
  If true, bypasses parser validation.
  If enabled, the parser won't be rejected during the validation
  phase and validation will be skipped.

* `version_info` -
  (Optional)
  ParserVersionInfo gives the version information of the parser and related
  properties like pinned etc.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_version_info).

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.

* `deletion_policy` - (Optional) Whether Terraform will be prevented from destroying the resource. Defaults to DELETE.
	When a 'terraform destroy' or 'terraform apply' would delete the resource,
	the command will fail if this field is set to "PREVENT" in Terraform state.
	When set to "ABANDON", the command will remove the resource from Terraform
	management without updating or deleting the resource in the API.
	When set to "DELETE", deleting the resource is allowed.


<a name="nested_low_code"></a>The `low_code` block supports:

* `field_extractors` -
  (Optional)
  A representation of a parser extension as a set of field extractors.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_low_code_field_extractors).

* `log` -
  (Optional)
  The log used to create this low code parser in the UI.


<a name="nested_low_code_field_extractors"></a>The `field_extractors` block supports:

* `append_repeated_fields` -
  (Optional)
  Whether to append repeated fields or not.
  When false, repeated fields will be replaced.

* `extractors` -
  (Optional)
  List of FieldExtractors.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_low_code_field_extractors_extractors).

* `log_format` -
  (Optional)
  Possible values:
  JSON
  CSV
  XML

* `preprocess_config` -
  (Optional)
  PreProcessConfig holds the GROK expression to extract the syslog header.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_low_code_field_extractors_preprocess_config).

* `transformed_cbn_snippet` -
  (Output)
  CBN snippet generated from field extractors.


<a name="nested_low_code_field_extractors_extractors"></a>The `extractors` block supports:

* `destination_path` -
  (Optional)
  Path in generated event which is to be populated. This is required if the
  FieldExtractor is used to specify the parser extension.

* `field_path` -
  (Optional)
  Field path could be a json path, xml path or csv column name
  depending on log format. It refers to a section or substring in raw log.
  This is required if the FieldExtractor is used to specify the parser
  extension.

* `precondition_op` -
  (Optional)
  Operator used for precondition.
  Possible values:
  EQUALS
  NOT_EQUALS

* `precondition_path` -
  (Optional)
  Precondition path could be a json path, xml path or csv column name
  depending on log format. It refers to a section or substring in raw log.

* `precondition_value` -
  (Optional)
  Precondition value.

* `value` -
  (Optional)
  Value to be mapped to the destination path directly.

<a name="nested_low_code_field_extractors_preprocess_config"></a>The `preprocess_config` block supports:

* `grok_regex` -
  (Optional)
  GROK Regex to extract the structured part of the log.
  syntax documentation:
  www.elastic.co/guide/en/logstash/current/plugins-filters-grok.html

* `target` -
  (Optional)
  Target field name for the structured part of the log.
  This should match a SEMANTIC identifier from the grok expression.

<a name="nested_version_info"></a>The `version_info` block supports:

* `auto_upgrade_disabled` -
  (Required)
  Signifies if the parser is disabled for auto upgrade. If true, the parser
  will not be upgraded by the auto upgrade process.

* `latest_parser` -
  (Output)
  The resource name of latest Parser for this logtype.
  Format:
  projects/{project}/locations/{region}/instances/{instance}/logTypes/{log_type}/parsers/{parser}/{id}

* `latest_parser_version` -
  (Output)
  The version for the latest available stable version of the parser.

* `rollback_available` -
  (Output)
  Signifies if rollback is available for this parser version.

* `version` -
  (Output)
  The version of the parser.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `projects/{{project}}/locations/{{location}}/instances/{{instance}}/logTypes/{{logtype}}/parsers/{{parser}}`

* `changelogs` -
  Changelogs of a parser.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_changelogs).

* `create_time` -
  Time at which parser was created.

* `creator` -
  Information about the creator of the parser.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_creator).

* `dynamic_parsing_config` -
  Dynamic parsing config applied over the parser, if any.

* `name` -
  name of the parser resource.

* `parser_extension` -
  Extension applied over the parser, if any.

* `release_stage` -
  The release stage of the parser
  After internal validations the prebuilt parser will directly start as
  Release Candidate. The release_stage of prebuilt parsers are changed
  after every release cycle:
  The prebuilt Release Candidate parser is promoted as Release parser.
  The existing prebuilt Release parser is moved to Rollback state.
  and existing prebuilt rollback parser is moved to Archived.
  In case of custom parser:
  When the customer submits a validation passed custom parser it starts as
  Release state.
  And existing one is moved to Rollback stage.
  And the existing rollback is moved to Archived.
  In case a release or release candidate parser is found faulty,
  the parser is marked FAULTY,
  if it is release parser then rollback candidate is moved to release.
  Possible values:
  RELEASE
  RELEASE_CANDIDATE
  ROLLBACK_CANDIDATE
  ARCHIVED
  FAULTY
  ARCHIVED_IN_USE

* `state` -
  The state of the parser
  Possible values:
  ACTIVE
  INACTIVE

* `type` -
  The type of the parser
  Possible values:
  CUSTOM
  PREBUILT

* `validation_report` -
  The Validation report generated during parser validation.

* `validation_stage` -
  The validation stage of the parser
  When a customer submits a new parser for validation, it starts with a
  new stage.
  When parser is picked for validation, it changes to Validation state.
  If validation failed it is marked as failed, and
  existing failed is moved to delete_candidate stage.
  If passes it is moved to passed stage.
  If customer opts to submit it, the parser is moved to Release State.
  Possible values:
  NEW
  VALIDATING
  PASSED
  FAILED
  DELETE_CANDIDATE
  INTERNAL_ERROR
  VALIDATION_SKIPPED

* `parser` -
  Output only. The server-generated ID of the parser.


<a name="nested_changelogs"></a>The `changelogs` block contains:

* `entries` -
  (Optional)
  all the changelog of a parser.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_changelogs_entries).


<a name="nested_changelogs_entries"></a>The `entries` block supports:

* `change_message` -
  (Output)
  The changelog message.

* `create_time` -
  (Output)
  Time at which changelog was created.

* `deleted` -
  (Output)
  Flag whether the entry is added or deleted.
  This will be true in case of rollback and false in case of upgrade.

* `parser_version` -
  (Output)
  The parser version for which the changelog is created.

<a name="nested_creator"></a>The `creator` block contains:

* `author` -
  (Output)
  The name of the author, who created this parser.

* `customer` -
  (Output)
  The customer who created it, This can represent the partner as well.
  In case of prebuilt parser this will be empty.

* `source` -
  (Output)
  The source of the parser.
  Possible values:
  GOOGLE
  CUSTOM_GOOGLE_OVERRIDE
  PARTNER
  CUSTOMER

## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


Parser can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

* `projects/{{project}}/locations/{{location}}/instances/{{instance}}/logTypes/{{logtype}}/parsers/{{parser}}`
* `{{project}}/{{location}}/{{instance}}/{{logtype}}/{{parser}}`
* `{{location}}/{{instance}}/{{logtype}}/{{parser}}`

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, use an [`identity` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/block/import#identity) to import Parser using identity values. For example:

```tf
import {
  identity = {
    location = "<-required value->"
    instance = "<-required value->"
    logtype = "<-required value->"
    parser = "<-optional value->"
    project = "<-optional value->"
  }
  to = google_chronicle_parser.default
}
```

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import Parser using one of the formats above. For example:

```tf
import {
  id = "projects/{{project}}/locations/{{location}}/instances/{{instance}}/logTypes/{{logtype}}/parsers/{{parser}}"
  to = google_chronicle_parser.default
}
```

When using the [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import), Parser can be imported using one of the formats above. For example:

```
$ terraform import google_chronicle_parser.default projects/{{project}}/locations/{{location}}/instances/{{instance}}/logTypes/{{logtype}}/parsers/{{parser}}
$ terraform import google_chronicle_parser.default {{project}}/{{location}}/{{instance}}/{{logtype}}/{{parser}}
$ terraform import google_chronicle_parser.default {{location}}/{{instance}}/{{logtype}}/{{parser}}
```

## User Project Overrides

This resource supports [User Project Overrides](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/provider_reference#user_project_override).
