---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This code is generated by Magic Modules using the following:
#
#     Configuration: https:#github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/magic-modules/tree/main/mmv1/products/chronicle/NativeDashboard.yaml
#     Template:      https:#github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/magic-modules/tree/main/mmv1/templates/terraform/resource.html.markdown.tmpl
#
#     DO NOT EDIT this file directly. Any changes made to this file will be
#     overwritten during the next generation cycle.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Chronicle"
description: |-
  A configuration for a native dashboard within a Google SecOps (Chronicle) instance.
---

# google_chronicle_native_dashboard

A configuration for a native dashboard within a Google SecOps (Chronicle) instance.

~> **Warning:** This resource is in beta, and should be used with the terraform-provider-google-beta provider.
See [Provider Versions](../guides/provider_versions.html.markdown) for more details on beta resources.

To get more information about NativeDashboard, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/chronicle/docs/reference/rest/v1beta/projects.locations.instances.nativeDashboards)
* How-to Guides
    * [Google SecOps Guides](https://cloud.google.com/chronicle/docs/secops/secops-overview)

## Example Usage - Chronicle Nativedashboard Basic


```hcl
resource "google_chronicle_native_dashboard" "my_basic_dashboard" {
  provider     = google-beta
  location     = "us"
  instance     = "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000"
  display_name = "dashboard"
  description  = "dashboard_description"
  access       = "DASHBOARD_PRIVATE"
  type         = "CUSTOM"

  filters {
    id                                    = "GlobalTimeFilter"
    display_name                          = "Global Time Filter"
    data_source                           = "GLOBAL"
    is_standard_time_range_filter         = true
    is_standard_time_range_filter_enabled = true
    filter_operator_and_field_values {
      filter_operator = "PAST"
      field_values    = ["1", "DAY"]
    }
  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `display_name` -
  (Required)
  The display name/title of the dashboard visible to users.

* `location` -
  (Required)
  The location of the Chronicle instance.

* `instance` -
  (Required)
  The ID of the Chronicle instance.


* `access` -
  (Optional)
  The access level of the dashboard.
  Possible values:
  DASHBOARD_PRIVATE
  DASHBOARD_PUBLIC

* `is_pinned` -
  (Optional)
  Whether the dashboard is pinned by the user.

* `charts` -
  (Optional)
  A list of charts included in the dashboard definition.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_charts).

* `filters` -
  (Optional)
  Global filters defined for the dashboard.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_filters).

* `description` -
  (Optional)
  A description of the dashboard.

* `type` -
  (Optional)
  The type of dashboard.
  Possible values:
  CURATED, PRIVATE, PUBLIC, CUSTOM, MARKETPLACE

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.

* `deletion_policy` - (Optional) Whether Terraform will be prevented from destroying the resource. Defaults to DELETE.
	When a 'terraform destroy' or 'terraform apply' would delete the resource,
	the command will fail if this field is set to "PREVENT" in Terraform state.
	When set to "ABANDON", the command will remove the resource from Terraform
	management without updating or deleting the resource in the API.
	When set to "DELETE", deleting the resource is allowed.


<a name="nested_charts"></a>The `charts` block supports:

* `chart_layout` -
  (Optional)
  The visual layout parameters of this chart within the dashboard.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_charts_chart_layout).

* `dashboard_chart` -
  (Optional)
  The resource name of the associated DashboardChart.

* `filters_ids` -
  (Optional)
  List of dashboard filter IDs applied to this chart.


<a name="nested_charts_chart_layout"></a>The `chart_layout` block supports:

* `start_x` -
  (Optional)
  The starting X coordinate.

* `span_x` -
  (Required)
  The number of columns the chart spans.

* `start_y` -
  (Optional)
  The starting Y coordinate.

* `span_y` -
  (Required)
  The number of rows the chart spans.

<a name="nested_filters"></a>The `filters` block supports:

* `chart_ids` -
  (Optional)
  The IDs of charts that this filter applies to.

* `data_source` -
  (Optional)
  The data source for the filter.
  Possible values:
  UDM, ENTITY, INGESTION_METRICS, RULE_DETECTIONS, RULESETS, GLOBAL,
  IOC_MATCHES, RULES, SOAR_CASES, SOAR_PLAYBOOKS, SOAR_CASE_HISTORY,
  DATA_TABLE, INVESTIGATION, INVESTIGATION_FEEDBACK

* `display_name` -
  (Optional)
  The display name of the filter.

* `field_path` -
  (Optional)
  The UDM field path being filtered.

* `filter_operator_and_field_values` -
  (Optional)
  The specific operator and value set for the filter.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_filters_filter_operator_and_field_values).

* `id` -
  (Optional)
  The unique ID of the filter.

* `is_mandatory` -
  (Optional)
  Whether the filter is mandatory for the dashboard consumer.

* `is_standard_time_range_filter` -
  (Optional)
  Whether the filter is a standard time range filter.

* `is_standard_time_range_filter_enabled` -
  (Optional)
  Whether the standard time range filter is currently enabled.


<a name="nested_filters_filter_operator_and_field_values"></a>The `filter_operator_and_field_values` block supports:

* `field_values` -
  (Optional)
  The values for the modifier. All operators should have a single
  value other than 'IN' and 'BETWEEN'.

* `filter_operator` -
  (Optional)
  The operator to apply to the field.
  Possible values are: `EQUAL`, `NOT_EQUAL`, `IN`, `GREATER_THAN`, `GREATER_THAN_OR_EQUAL_TO`, `LESS_THAN`, `LESS_THAN_OR_EQUAL_TO`, `BETWEEN`, `PAST`, `IS_NULL`, `IS_NOT_NULL`, `STARTS_WITH`, `ENDS_WITH`, `DOES_NOT_STARTS_WITH`, `DOES_NOT_ENDS_WITH`, `NOT_IN`, `CONTAINS`, `DOES_NOT_CONTAIN`.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `projects/{{project}}/locations/{{location}}/instances/{{instance}}/nativeDashboards/{{dashboard_id}}`

* `name` -
  The full resource name of the dashboard.

* `dashboard_id` -
  The unique ID of the Dashboard.

* `create_time` -
  The creation time of the dashboard.

* `create_user_id` -
  The ID of the user who created the dashboard.

* `last_viewed_time` -
  (Output)
  The time when this dashboard was last viewed.

* `fingerprint` -
  (Output)
  The server-generated fingerprint of the dashboard definition.

* `etag` -
  Server-computed checksum for optimistic concurrency control,
  sent on update and delete requests.

* `update_time` -
  The time when the dashboard was last edited.

* `update_user_id` -
  The ID of the user who last edited the dashboard.


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


NativeDashboard can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

* `projects/{{project}}/locations/{{location}}/instances/{{instance}}/nativeDashboards/{{dashboard_id}}`
* `{{project}}/{{location}}/{{instance}}/{{dashboard_id}}`
* `{{location}}/{{instance}}/{{dashboard_id}}`


In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import NativeDashboard using one of the formats above. For example:

```tf
import {
  id = "projects/{{project}}/locations/{{location}}/instances/{{instance}}/nativeDashboards/{{dashboard_id}}"
  to = google_chronicle_native_dashboard.default
}
```

When using the [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import), NativeDashboard can be imported using one of the formats above. For example:

```
$ terraform import google_chronicle_native_dashboard.default projects/{{project}}/locations/{{location}}/instances/{{instance}}/nativeDashboards/{{dashboard_id}}
$ terraform import google_chronicle_native_dashboard.default {{project}}/{{location}}/{{instance}}/{{dashboard_id}}
$ terraform import google_chronicle_native_dashboard.default {{location}}/{{instance}}/{{dashboard_id}}
```

## User Project Overrides

This resource supports [User Project Overrides](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/provider_reference#user_project_override).
