---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Cloud Quotas"
description: |-
  QuotaAdjusterSettings represents the preferred quota configuration specified for a project, folder or organization.
---

# google_cloud_quotas_quota_adjuster_settings

QuotaAdjusterSettings represents the preferred quota configuration specified for a project, folder or organization. There is only one QuotaAdjusterSettings resource for a quota value targeting a unique set of dimensions.

~> **Warning:** This resource is in beta, and should be used with the terraform-provider-google-beta provider.
See [Provider Versions](https://terraform.io/docs/providers/google/guides/provider_versions.html) for more details on beta resources.

To get more information about QuotaAdjusterSettings, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/docs/quotas/reference/rest/v1beta/projects.locations.quotaAdjusterSettings)
* How-to Guides
    * [Cloud Quotas Overview](https://cloud.google.com/docs/quotas/overview)

## Example Usage - Cloudquotas Quota Adjuster Settings Basic


```hcl
resource "google_cloud_quotas_quota_adjuster_settings" "adjuster_settings" {
  provider      = google-beta
  parent        = "projects/104740170505"
  enablement    = "ENABLED"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `enablement` -
  (Required)
  Required. The configured value of the enablement at the given resource.
  Possible values are: `ENABLED`, `DISABLED`.

* `parent` -
  (Required)
  The parent of the quota preference. Allowed parents are "projects/[project-id / number]" or "folders/[folder-id / number]" or "organizations/[org-id / number]".


- - -



## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `{{parent}}/locations/global/quotaAdjusterSettings`

* `effective_container` -
  Fields to capture the hierarchy enablement.
  The container (org/folder/project) that determines if the quota adjuster is set for this project/folder/org. We use the nearest-ancestor to determine the effective container.
  The nearest ancestor (including this container) with `enabled` set (either true or false) will be returned.

* `effective_enablement` -
  Based on the effective container`s setting above, determines Whether this container has the quota adjuster enabled.


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


QuotaAdjusterSettings can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

* `{{parent}}/locations/global/quotaAdjusterSettings`


In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import QuotaAdjusterSettings using one of the formats above. For example:

```tf
import {
  id = "{{parent}}/locations/global/quotaAdjusterSettings"
  to = google_cloud_quotas_quota_adjuster_settings.default
}
```

When using the [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import), QuotaAdjusterSettings can be imported using one of the formats above. For example:

```
$ terraform import google_cloud_quotas_quota_adjuster_settings.default {{parent}}/locations/global/quotaAdjusterSettings
```
