---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Cloud Deploy"
layout: "google"
page_title: "Google: google_cloud_deploy_target"
sidebar_current: "docs-google-cloud-deploy-target"
description: |-
  A Target defines a location to which a Skaffold configuration can be deployed.
---

# google\_cloud\_deploy\_target

A Target defines a location to which a Skaffold configuration can be deployed.


To get more information about Target, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/deploy/docs/api/reference/rest/v1/projects.locations.targets)
* How-to Guides
    * [Official Documentation](https://cloud.google.com/deploy/docs)

## Example Usage - Cloud Deploy Target


```hcl
resource "google_cloud_deploy_target" "pipeline" {
  name          = "tf-test"
  description   = "Target Cluster"
  gke {
    cluster = "projects/my-project-name/locations/us-central1/clusters/dev"
  }
}
```
## Example Usage - Cloud Deploy Target Full


```hcl
resource "google_cloud_deploy_target" "pipeline" {
  name          = "tf-test"
  description   = "Target Cluster"
  annotations = {
    generated-by = "magic-modules"
  }

  require_approval = true
  labels = {
    env = "dev"
  }
  gke {
    cluster = "projects/my-project-name/locations/us-central1/clusters/dev"
  }
  execution_configs {
    usages = ["RENDER", "DEPLOY"]
    service_account = "my-project-name@appspot.gserviceaccount.com"
  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:



- - -


* `name` -
  (Optional)
  The name of the Target. This value may be up to 60 characters, and valid characters are [a-z0-9_]. The first character cannot be a number.

* `description` -
  (Optional)
  Description of the Target.

* `labels` -
  (Optional)
  Resource labels to represent user-provided metadata.

* `annotations` -
  (Optional)
  User annotations. These attributes can only be set and used by the user, and not by Google Cloud Deploy.

* `require_approval` -
  (Optional)
  Whether or not the Target requires approval.

* `gke` -
  (Optional)
  Information specifying a GKE Cluster.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_gke).

* `anthos_cluster` -
  (Optional)
  Information specifying a GKE Cluster.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_anthos_cluster).

* `execution_configs` -
  (Optional)
  Configurations for all execution that relates to this Target. Each ExecutionEnvironmentUsage value may only be used in a single configuration;
  using the same value multiple times is an error. When one or more configurations are specified, they must include the RENDER and DEPLOY ExecutionEnvironmentUsage values.
  When no configurations are specified, execution will use the default specified in DefaultPool.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_execution_configs).

* `region` -
  (Optional)
  The region of the Target Store. eg us-central1

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.


<a name="nested_gke"></a>The `gke` block supports:

* `cluster` -
  (Optional)
  Information specifying a GKE Cluster. Format is `projects/{projectId}/locations/{locationId}/clusters/{cluster_id}.

* `internal_ip` -
  (Optional)
  If true, cluster is accessed using the private IP address of the control plane endpoint. Otherwise, the default IP address of the control plane endpoint is used.
  The default IP address is the private IP address for clusters with private control-plane endpoints and the public IP address otherwise.

<a name="nested_anthos_cluster"></a>The `anthos_cluster` block supports:

* `membership` -
  (Optional)
  Membership of the GKE Hub-registered cluster to which to apply the Skaffold configuration. Format is projects/{project}/locations/{location}/memberships/{membership_name}.

<a name="nested_execution_configs"></a>The `execution_configs` block supports:

* `usages` -
  (Required)
  Possible usages of this configuration.

* `service_account` -
  (Optional)
  Google service account to use for execution. If unspecified, the project execution service account (-compute@developer.gserviceaccount.com) will be used.

* `artifact_storage` -
  (Optional)
  Cloud Storage location where execution outputs should be stored. This can either be a bucket ("gs://my-bucket") or a path within a bucket ("gs://my-bucket/my-dir").
  If unspecified, a default bucket located in the same region will be used.

* `worker_pool` -
  (Optional)
  Resource name of the Cloud Build worker pool to use. The format is projects/{project}/locations/{location}/workerPools/{pool}.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `projects/{{project}}/locations/{{region}}/targets/{{name}}`


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](/docs/configuration/resources.html#timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


Target can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

```
$ terraform import google_cloud_deploy_target.default projects/{{project}}/locations/{{region}}/targets/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_cloud_deploy_target.default {{project}}/{{region}}/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_cloud_deploy_target.default {{region}}/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_cloud_deploy_target.default {{name}}
```

## User Project Overrides

This resource supports [User Project Overrides](https://www.terraform.io/docs/providers/google/guides/provider_reference.html#user_project_override).
