---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: Handwritten     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This code is generated by Magic Modules using the following:
#
#     Source file: https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/magic-modules/tree/main/mmv1/third_party/terraform/website/docs/r/compute_region_instance_group_manager.html.markdown
#
#     DO NOT EDIT this file directly. Any changes made to this file will be
#     overwritten during the next generation cycle.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Compute Engine"
description: |-
  Manages an Regional Instance Group within GCE.
---

# google_compute_region_instance_group_manager

The Google Compute Engine Regional Instance Group Manager API creates and manages pools
of homogeneous Compute Engine virtual machine instances from a common instance
template.

To get more information about regionInstanceGroupManagers, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/latest/regionInstanceGroupManagers)
* How-to Guides
    * [Regional Instance Groups Guide](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/instance-groups/distributing-instances-with-regional-instance-groups)

~> **Note:** Use [google_compute_instance_group_manager](/docs/providers/google/r/compute_instance_group_manager.html) to create a zonal instance group manager.

## Example Usage with top level instance template (`google` provider)

```hcl
resource "google_compute_health_check" "autohealing" {
  name                = "autohealing-health-check"
  check_interval_sec  = 5
  timeout_sec         = 5
  healthy_threshold   = 2
  unhealthy_threshold = 10 # 50 seconds

  http_health_check {
    request_path = "/healthz"
    port         = "8080"
  }
}

resource "google_compute_region_instance_group_manager" "appserver" {
  name = "appserver-igm"

  base_instance_name         = "app"
  region                     = "us-central1"
  distribution_policy_zones  = ["us-central1-a", "us-central1-f"]

  version {
    instance_template = google_compute_instance_template.appserver.self_link_unique
  }

  all_instances_config {
    metadata = {
      metadata_key = "metadata_value"
    }
    labels = {
      label_key = "label_value"
    }
  }

  target_pools = [google_compute_target_pool.appserver.id]
  target_size  = 2

  named_port {
    name = "custom"
    port = 8888
  }

  auto_healing_policies {
    health_check      = google_compute_health_check.autohealing.id
    initial_delay_sec = 300
  }
}
```

## Example Usage with multiple versions
```hcl
resource "google_compute_region_instance_group_manager" "appserver" {
  name = "appserver-igm"

  base_instance_name = "app"
  region             = "us-central1"

  target_size = 5

  version {
    instance_template = google_compute_instance_template.appserver.self_link_unique
  }

  version {
    instance_template = google_compute_instance_template.appserver-canary.self_link_unique
    target_size {
      fixed = 1
    }
  }
}
```
## Example Usage with standby policy (`google` provider)
```hcl
resource "google_compute_region_instance_group_manager" "igm-sr" {
  name = "tf-sr-igm"

  base_instance_name        = "tf-sr-igm-instance"
  region                    = "us-central1"

  target_size               = 5

  version {
    instance_template = google_compute_instance_template.sr-igm.self_link
    name              = "primary"
  }

  standby_policy {
    initial_delay_sec           = 50
    mode                        = "SCALE_OUT_POOL"
  }
  target_suspended_size         = 1
  target_stopped_size           = 1
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `base_instance_name` - (Required) The base instance name to use for
    instances in this group. The value must be a valid
    [RFC1035](https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc1035.txt) name. Supported characters
    are lowercase letters, numbers, and hyphens (-). Instances are named by
    appending a hyphen and a random four-character string to the base instance
    name.

* `version` - (Required) Application versions managed by this instance group. Each
    version deals with a specific instance template, allowing canary release scenarios.
    Structure is [documented below](#nested_version).

* `name` - (Required) The name of the instance group manager. Must be 1-63
    characters long and comply with
    [RFC1035](https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc1035.txt). Supported characters
    include lowercase letters, numbers, and hyphens.

* `region` - (Optional) The region where the managed instance group resides. If not provided, the provider region is used.

- - -

* `description` - (Optional) An optional textual description of the instance
    group manager.

* `named_port` - (Optional) The named port configuration. See the [section below](#nested_named_port)
    for details on configuration.

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs. If it
    is not provided, the provider project is used.

* `target_size` - (Optional) The target number of running instances for this managed
    instance group. This value will fight with autoscaler settings when set, and generally shouldn't be set
    when using one. If a value is required, such as to specify a creation-time target size for the MIG,
    `lifecycle.ignore_changes` can be used to prevent Terraform from modifying the value. Defaults to `0`.

* `list_managed_instances_results` - (Optional) Pagination behavior of the `listManagedInstances` API
    method for this managed instance group. Valid values are: `PAGELESS`, `PAGINATED`.
    If `PAGELESS` (default), Pagination is disabled for the group's `listManagedInstances` API method.
    `maxResults` and `pageToken` query parameters are ignored and all instances are returned in a single
    response. If `PAGINATED`, pagination is enabled, `maxResults` and `pageToken` query parameters are
    respected.

* `target_pools` - (Optional) The full URL of all target pools to which new
    instances in the group are added. Updating the target pools attribute does
    not affect existing instances.

* `wait_for_instances` - (Optional) Whether to wait for all instances to be created/updated before
    returning. Note that if this is set to true and the operation does not succeed, Terraform will
    continue trying until it times out.

* `wait_for_instances_status` - (Optional) When used with `wait_for_instances` it specifies the status to wait for.
    When `STABLE` is specified this resource will wait until the instances are stable before returning. When `UPDATED` is
    set, it will wait for the version target to be reached and any per instance configs to be effective as well as all
    instances to be stable before returning. The possible values are `STABLE` and `UPDATED`

---

* `auto_healing_policies` - (Optional) The autohealing policies for this managed instance
group. You can specify only one value. Structure is documented below. For more information, see the [official documentation](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/instance-groups/creating-groups-of-managed-instances#monitoring_groups).

* `all_instances_config` - (Optional)
  Properties to set on all instances in the group. After setting
  allInstancesConfig on the group, you must update the group's instances to
  apply the configuration.

* `standby_policy` - (Optional) The standby policy for stopped and suspended instances. Structure is documented below. For more information, see the [official documentation](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/instance-groups/suspended-and-stopped-vms-in-mig).

* `target_suspended_size` - (Optional) The target number of suspended instances for this managed instance group.

* `target_stopped_size` - (Optional) The target number of stopped instances for this managed instance group.

* `update_policy` - (Optional) The update policy for this managed instance group. Structure is [documented below](#nested_update_policy). For more information, see the [official documentation](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/instance-groups/updating-managed-instance-groups) and [API](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/rest/beta/regionInstanceGroupManagers/patch)

* `distribution_policy_zones` - (Optional) The distribution policy for this managed instance
group. You can specify one or more values. For more information, see the [official documentation](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/instance-groups/distributing-instances-with-regional-instance-groups#selectingzones).

* `distribution_policy_target_shape` - (Optional) The shape to which the group converges either proactively or on resize events (depending on the value set in update_policy.0.instance_redistribution_type). For more information see the [official documentation](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/instance-groups/regional-mig-distribution-shape).

* `stateful_disk` - (Optional) Disks created on the instances that will be preserved on instance delete, update, etc. Structure is [documented below](#nested_stateful_disk). For more information see the [official documentation](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/instance-groups/configuring-stateful-disks-in-migs). Proactive cross zone instance redistribution must be disabled before you can update stateful disks on existing instance group managers. This can be controlled via the `update_policy`.

* `stateful_internal_ip` - (Optional) Internal network IPs assigned to the instances that will be preserved on instance delete, update, etc. This map is keyed with the network interface name. Structure is [documented below](#nested_stateful_internal_ip).

* `stateful_external_ip` - (Optional) External network IPs assigned to the instances that will be preserved on instance delete, update, etc. This map is keyed with the network interface name. Structure is [documented below](#nested_stateful_external_ip).

* `params` - (Optional [Beta](https://terraform.io/docs/providers/google/guides/provider_versions.html)) Input only additional params for instance group manager creation. Structure is [documented below](#nested_params). For more information, see [API](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/rest/beta/instanceGroupManagers/insert).

* `instance_flexibility_policy` - (Optional) The flexibility policy for managed instance group. Instance flexibility allows managed instance group to create VMs from multiple types of machines. Instance flexibility configuration on managed instance group overrides instance template configuration. Structure is [documented below](#nested_instance_flexibility_policy).
- - -

The `standby_policy` block supports:

* `initial_delay_sec` - (Optional) - Specifies the number of seconds that the MIG should wait to suspend or stop a VM after that VM was created. The initial delay gives the initialization script the time to prepare your VM for a quick scale out. The value of initial delay must be between 0 and 3600 seconds. The default value is 0.
* `mode` - (Optional) - Defines how a MIG resumes or starts VMs from a standby pool when the group scales out. Valid options are: `MANUAL`, `SCALE_OUT_POOL`. If `MANUAL`(default), you have full control over which VMs are stopped and suspended in the MIG. If `SCALE_OUT_POOL`, the MIG uses the VMs from the standby pools to accelerate the scale out by resuming or starting them and then automatically replenishes the standby pool with new VMs to maintain the target sizes.
- - -

<a name="nested_update_policy"></a>The `update_policy` block supports:

```hcl
update_policy {
  type                           = "PROACTIVE"
  instance_redistribution_type   = "PROACTIVE"
  minimal_action                 = "REPLACE"
  most_disruptive_allowed_action = "REPLACE"
  max_surge_percent              = 20
  max_unavailable_fixed          = 2
  min_ready_sec                  = 50
  replacement_method             = "RECREATE"
}
```

* `minimal_action` - (Required) - Minimal action to be taken on an instance. You can specify either `NONE` to forbid any actions, `REFRESH` to update without stopping instances, `RESTART` to restart existing instances or `REPLACE` to delete and create new instances from the target template. If you specify a `REFRESH`, the Updater will attempt to perform that action only. However, if the Updater determines that the minimal action you specify is not enough to perform the update, it might perform a more disruptive action.

* `most_disruptive_allowed_action` - (Optional) - Most disruptive action that is allowed to be taken on an instance. You can specify either NONE to forbid any actions, REFRESH to allow actions that do not need instance restart, RESTART to allow actions that can be applied without instance replacing or REPLACE to allow all possible actions. If the Updater determines that the minimal update action needed is more disruptive than most disruptive allowed action you specify it will not perform the update at all.

* `type` - (Required) - The type of update process. You can specify either `PROACTIVE` so that the instance group manager proactively executes actions in order to bring instances to their target versions or `OPPORTUNISTIC` so that no action is proactively executed but the update will be performed as part of other actions (for example, resizes or recreateInstances calls).

* `instance_redistribution_type` - (Optional) - The instance redistribution policy for regional managed instance groups. Valid values are: `"PROACTIVE"`, `"NONE"`. If `PROACTIVE` (default), the group attempts to maintain an even distribution of VM instances across zones in the region. If `NONE`, proactive redistribution is disabled.

* `max_surge_fixed` - (Optional), Specifies a fixed number of VM instances. This must be a positive integer. Conflicts with `max_surge_percent`. Both cannot be 0.

* `max_surge_percent` - (Optional), Specifies a percentage of instances between 0 to 100%, inclusive. For example, specify 80 for 80%. Conflicts with `max_surge_fixed`.

* `max_unavailable_fixed` - (Optional), Specifies a fixed number of VM instances. This must be a positive integer.

* `max_unavailable_percent` - (Optional), Specifies a percentage of instances between 0 to 100%, inclusive. For example, specify 80 for 80%..

* `min_ready_sec` - (Optional, [Beta](https://terraform.io/docs/providers/google/guides/provider_versions.html)), Minimum number of seconds to wait for after a newly created instance becomes available. This value must be from range [0, 3600]

* `replacement_method` - (Optional), The instance replacement method for managed instance groups. Valid values are: "RECREATE", "SUBSTITUTE". If SUBSTITUTE (default), the group replaces VM instances with new instances that have randomly generated names. If RECREATE, instance names are preserved.  You must also set max_unavailable_fixed or max_unavailable_percent to be greater than 0.
- - -

<a name="nested_instance_lifecycle_policy"></a>The `instance_lifecycle_policy` block supports:

```hcl
instance_lifecycle_policy {
  force_update_on_repair    = "YES"
  default_action_on_failure = "DO_NOTHING"
  on_failed_health_check    = "DO_NOTHING"   //google-beta only
  on_repair {                                //google-beta only
    allow_changing_zone      = "YES"
  }
}
```

* `force_update_on_repair` - (Optional), Specifies whether to apply the group's latest configuration when repairing a VM. Valid options are: `YES`, `NO`. If `YES` and you updated the group's instance template or per-instance configurations after the VM was created, then these changes are applied when VM is repaired. If `NO` (default), then updates are applied in accordance with the group's update policy type.
* `default_action_on_failure` - (Optional), Specifies the action that a MIG performs on a failed VM. If the value of the `on_failed_health_check` field is `DEFAULT_ACTION`, then the same action also applies to the VMs on which your application fails a health check. Valid options are: `DO_NOTHING`, `REPAIR`. If `DO_NOTHING`, then MIG does not repair a failed VM. If `REPAIR` (default), then MIG automatically repairs a failed VM by recreating it. For more information, see about repairing VMs in a MIG.
* `on_failed_health_check` - (Optional, Beta), Specifies the action that a MIG performs on an unhealthy VM. A VM is marked as unhealthy when the application running on that VM fails a health check. Valid options are: `DEFAULT_ACTION`, `DO_NOTHING`, `REPAIR`. If `DEFAULT_ACTION` (default), then MIG uses the same action configured for the  `default_action_on_failure` field. If `DO_NOTHING`, then MIG does not repair unhealthy VM. If `REPAIR`, then MIG automatically repairs an unhealthy VM by recreating it. For more information, see about repairing VMs in a MIG. 
* `on_repair` - (Optional, [Beta](https://terraform.io/docs/providers/google/guides/provider_versions.html)), Configuration for VM repairs in the MIG. Structure is [documented below](#nested_on_repair).
- - -

<a name="nested_on_repair"></a>The `on_repair` block supports:

```hcl
on_repair {
  allow_changing_zone      = "YES"
}
```

* `allow_changing_zone` - (Optional), Specifies whether the MIG can change a VM's zone during a repair. If "YES", MIG can select a different zone for the VM during a repair. Else if "NO", MIG cannot change a VM's zone during a repair. The default value of allow_changing_zone is "NO".

- - -
<a name="nested_instance_flexibility_policy"></a>The `instance_flexibility_policy` block supports:

```hcl
instance_flexibility_policy {
  instance_selections {
    name = "instance_selection_name"
    rank = 1
    machine_types = ["n1-standard-16"]
    min_cpu_platform = "Intel Skylake"      //google-beta only
    disks {                                 //google-beta only
        auto_delete = true
        boot        = true
        device_name = "boot-disk"
        source_image = "projects/debian-cloud/global/images/debian-11-bullseye-v20251111"
        architecture = "ARM64"
        disk_size_gb = 375
    }
  }
}
```

* `instance_selections` - (Optional), Named instance selections configuring properties that the group will use when creating new VMs. One can specify multiple instance selection to allow managed instance group to create VMs from multiple types of machines, based on preference and availability. Structure is [documented below](#nested_instance_selections).
- - -
<a name="nested_instance_selections"></a>The `instance_selections` block supports:

```hcl
instance_selections {
  name = "instance_selection_name"
  rank = 1
  machine_types = ["n1-standard-1", "n1-standard-16"]
  min_cpu_platform = "Intel Skylake"      //google-beta only
  disks {                                 //google-beta only
    auto_delete = true
    boot        = true
    device_name = "boot-disk"
    source_image = data.google_compute_image.my_image.self_link
    architecture = "ARM64"
    disk_size_gb = 375
  }
}
```

* `name` - (Required), Name of the instance selection, e.g. instance_selection_with_n1_machines_types. Instance selection names must be unique within the flexibility policy.
* `rank` - (Optional), Preference of this instance selection. Lower number means higher preference. Managed instance group will first try to create a VM based on the machine-type with lowest rank and fallback to next rank based on availability. Machine types and instance selections with the same rank have the same preference.
* `machine_types` - (Required), A list of full machine-type names, e.g. "n1-standard-16".
* `min_cpu_platform` - (Optional [Beta](https://terraform.io/docs/providers/google/guides/provider_versions.html)), Name of the minimum CPU platform to be used by this instance selection. e.g. "Intel Ice Lake".
* `disks` - (Optional [Beta](https://terraform.io/docs/providers/google/guides/provider_versions.html)), List of disks to be attached to the instances created from this selection. Structure is [documented below](#nested_disks).

- - -

<a name="nested_disks"></a>The `disks` block supports:

```hcl
disks {
  auto_delete = true
  boot        = true
  device_name = "boot-disk"
  disk_name   = "boot-disk-name"
  source_image = data.google_compute_image.my_image.self_link
  architecture = "ARM64"
  disk_size_gb = 375
  disk_type    = "pd-balanced"
  provisioned_iops = 10
  provisioned_throughput = 100
  guest_os_features = ["GVNIC"]
  labels {
    key = "label-key1"
    value = "label-value1"
  }
  mode = "READ_WRITE"
  type = "SCRATCH"
  source_image_encryption_key {
    kms_key_service_account = google_service_account.test.email
    kms_key_self_link = data.google_kms_crypto_key.key.id
  }
}
```


*  `auto_delete` -  (Optional), Whether or not the disk should be auto-deleted. This defaults to true.
*  `boot` -  (Optional), Indicates that this is a boot disk. This defaults to false.
*  `device_name` - (Optional), A unique device name that is reflected into the /dev/ tree of a Linux operating system running within the instance. If not specified, the server chooses a default device name to apply to this disk.
*  `disk_name` -  (Optional), Name of the disk. When not provided, this defaults to the name of the instance.
*  `architecture` - (Optional), The architecture of the image. Allowed values are ARM64 or X86_64.
*  `disk_size_gb` - (Optional), The size of the image in gigabytes. If not specified, it will inherit the size of its base image. For SCRATCH disks, the size must be one of 375 or 3000 GB, with a default of 375 GB.
*  `disk_type` - (Optional), The Google Compute Engine disk type. Such as "pd-ssd", "local-ssd", "pd-balanced" or "pd-standard".
*  `provisioned_iops` - (Optional), Indicates how many IOPS to provision for the disk. This sets the number of I/O operations per second that the disk can handle. For more details, see the [Extreme persistent disk documentation](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/disks/extreme-persistent-disk) or the [Hyperdisk documentation](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/disks/hyperdisks) depending on the selected disk_type.
*  `provisioned_throughput` - (Optional), Indicates how much throughput to provision for the disk, in MB/s. This sets the amount of data that can be read or written from the disk per second. Values must greater than or equal to 1. For more details, see the [Hyperdisk documentation](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/disks/hyperdisks).
*  `interface` - (Optional), Specifies the disk interface to use for attaching this disk.
*  `mode` - (Optional), The mode in which to attach this disk, either READ_WRITE or READ_ONLY. If you are attaching or creating a boot disk, this must read-write mode.
*  `source` - (Optional), The name (not self_link) of the disk (such as those managed by google_compute_disk) to attach. ~> Note: Either source or source_image is required when creating a new instance except for when creating a local SSD.
*  `type` - (Optional), The type of Google Compute Engine disk, can be either "SCRATCH" or "PERSISTENT".
*  `resource_policies` - (Optional), A list (short name or id) of resource policies to attach to this disk. Currently a max of 1 resource policy is supported.
*  `labels` -  (Optional), A set of key/value label pairs to assign to disks. Structure is [documented below](#nested_labels).
*  `resource_manager_tags` - (Optional), A map of resource manager tags. Resource manager tag keys and values have the same definition as resource manager tags. Keys must be in the format tagKeys/{tag_key_id}, and values are in the format tagValues/456. The field is ignored (both PUT & PATCH) when empty. Structure is [documented below](#nested_resource_manager_tags).
*  `guest_os_features` -  (Optional), A list of features to enable on the guest operating system. Applicable only for bootable images.
*  `disk_encryption_key` -  (Optional), Encrypts or decrypts a disk using a customer-supplied encryption key.  Structure is [documented below](#nested_disk_encryption_key).
*  `source_image` -  (Optional), The image from which to initialize this disk. This can be one of: the image's self_link, projects/{project}/global/images/{image}, projects/{project}/global/images/family/{family}, global/images/{image}, global/images/family/{family}, family/{family}, {project}/{family}, {project}/{image}, {family}, or {image}. ~> Note: Either source or source_image is required when creating a new instance except for when creating a local SSD.
*  `source_image_encryption_key` - (Optional), The customer-supplied encryption key of the source image. Required if the source image is protected by a customer-supplied encryption key. Instance templates do not store customer-supplied encryption keys, so you cannot create disks for instances in a managed instance group if the source images are encrypted with your own keys. Structure is [documented below](#nested_source_image_encryption_key).
*  `source_snapshot` -  (Optional), The source snapshot to create this disk. When creating a new instance, one of initializeParams.sourceSnapshot, initializeParams.sourceImage, or disks.source is required except for local SSD.
*  `source_snapshot_encryption_key` - (Optional), The customer-supplied encryption key of the source snapshot. Structure is [documented below](#nested_source_snapshot_encryption_key).
- - -

<a name="nested_labels"></a>The `labels` block supports:

```hcl
labels {
  key = "label-key1"
  value = "label-value1"
}
```

*  `key` -  (Required), The unique key of the label to assign to disks.
*  `value` - (Required), The value of the label to assign to disks.
- - -

<a name="nested_resource_manager_tags"></a>The `resource_manager_tags` block supports:

```hcl
resource_manager_tags {
  key = "resource_manager_tags-key1"
  value = "resource_manager_tags-value1"
}
```

*  `key` -  (Required), The unique key of the resource manager tag to assign to disks. Keys must be in the format tagKeys/{tag_key_id}.
*  `value` - (Required), The value of the resource manager tag to assign to disks. Values must be in the format tagValues/456.
- - -


<a name="nested_disk_encryption_key"></a>The `disk_encryption_key` block supports:

```hcl
disk_encryption_key {
  raw_key = "SGVsbG8gZnJvbSBHb29nbGUgQ2xvdWQgUGxhdGZvcm0="
}
```
```hcl
disk_encryption_key {
  rsa_encrypted_key = "fB6BS8tJGhGVDZDjGt1pwUo2wyNbkzNxgH1avfOtiwB9X6oPG94gWgenygitnsYJyKjdOJ7DyXLmxwQOSmnCYCUBWdKCSssyLV5907HL2mb5TfqmgHk5JcArI/t6QADZWiuGtR+XVXqiLa5B9usxFT2BTmbHvSKfkpJ7McCNc/3U0PQR8euFRZ9i75o/w+pLHFMJ05IX3JB0zHbXMV173PjObiV3ItSJm2j3mp5XKabRGSA5rmfMnHIAMz6stGhcuom6+bMri2u/axmPsdxmC6MeWkCkCmPjaKsVz1+uQUNCJkAnzesluhoD+R6VjFDm4WI7yYabu4MOOAOTaQXdEg=="
}
```
```hcl
disk_encryption_key {
  kms_key_service_account = google_service_account.test.email
  kms_key_self_link = data.google_kms_crypto_key.key.id
}
```

*  `raw_key` -  (Optional), Specifies a 256-bit customer-supplied encryption key, encoded in RFC 4648 base64 to either encrypt or decrypt this resource. Only one of kms_key_self_link, rsa_encrypted_key and raw_key may be set.
*  `rsa_encrypted_key` - (Optional), Specifies an RFC 4648 base64 encoded, RSA-wrapped 2048-bit customer-supplied encryption key to either encrypt or decrypt this resource. Only one of kms_key_self_link, rsa_encrypted_key and raw_key may be set.
*  `kms_key_service_account` -  (Optional), The service account being used for the encryption request for the given KMS key. If absent, the Compute Engine default service account is used.
*  `kms_key_self_link` - (Optional), The self link of the encryption key that is stored in Google Cloud KMS.
- - -



<a name="nested_source_image_encryption_key"></a>The `source_image_encryption_key` block supports:

```hcl
source_image_encryption_key {
  raw_key = "SGVsbG8gZnJvbSBHb29nbGUgQ2xvdWQgUGxhdGZvcm0="
}
```
```hcl
source_image_encryption_key {
  rsa_encrypted_key = "fB6BS8tJGhGVDZDjGt1pwUo2wyNbkzNxgH1avfOtiwB9X6oPG94gWgenygitnsYJyKjdOJ7DyXLmxwQOSmnCYCUBWdKCSssyLV5907HL2mb5TfqmgHk5JcArI/t6QADZWiuGtR+XVXqiLa5B9usxFT2BTmbHvSKfkpJ7McCNc/3U0PQR8euFRZ9i75o/w+pLHFMJ05IX3JB0zHbXMV173PjObiV3ItSJm2j3mp5XKabRGSA5rmfMnHIAMz6stGhcuom6+bMri2u/axmPsdxmC6MeWkCkCmPjaKsVz1+uQUNCJkAnzesluhoD+R6VjFDm4WI7yYabu4MOOAOTaQXdEg=="
}

```
```hcl
source_image_encryption_key {
  kms_key_service_account = google_service_account.test.email
  kms_key_self_link = data.google_kms_crypto_key.key.id
}
```

*  `raw_key` -  (Optional), Specifies a 256-bit customer-supplied encryption key, encoded in RFC 4648 base64 to either encrypt or decrypt this resource. Only one of kms_key_self_link, rsa_encrypted_key and raw_key may be set.
*  `rsa_encrypted_key` - (Optional), Specifies an RFC 4648 base64 encoded, RSA-wrapped 2048-bit customer-supplied encryption key to either encrypt or decrypt this resource. Only one of kms_key_self_link, rsa_encrypted_key and raw_key may be set.
*  `kms_key_service_account` -  (Optional), The service account being used for the encryption request for the given KMS key. If absent, the Compute Engine default service account is used.
*  `kms_key_self_link` - (Optional), The self link of the encryption key that is stored in Google Cloud KMS. Only one of kms_key_self_link, rsa_encrypted_key and raw_key may be set.
- - -


<a name="nested_source_snapshot_encryption_key"></a>The `source_snapshot_encryption_key` block supports:

```hcl
source_snapshot_encryption_key {
  raw_key = "SGVsbG8gZnJvbSBHb29nbGUgQ2xvdWQgUGxhdGZvcm0="
}
```
```hcl
source_snapshot_encryption_key {
  rsa_encrypted_key = "fB6BS8tJGhGVDZDjGt1pwUo2wyNbkzNxgH1avfOtiwB9X6oPG94gWgenygitnsYJyKjdOJ7DyXLmxwQOSmnCYCUBWdKCSssyLV5907HL2mb5TfqmgHk5JcArI/t6QADZWiuGtR+XVXqiLa5B9usxFT2BTmbHvSKfkpJ7McCNc/3U0PQR8euFRZ9i75o/w+pLHFMJ05IX3JB0zHbXMV173PjObiV3ItSJm2j3mp5XKabRGSA5rmfMnHIAMz6stGhcuom6+bMri2u/axmPsdxmC6MeWkCkCmPjaKsVz1+uQUNCJkAnzesluhoD+R6VjFDm4WI7yYabu4MOOAOTaQXdEg=="
}
```
```hcl
source_snapshot_encryption_key {
  kms_key_service_account = google_service_account.test.email
  kms_key_self_link = data.google_kms_crypto_key.key.id
}
```


*  `raw_key` -  (Optional), Specifies a 256-bit customer-supplied encryption key, encoded in RFC 4648 base64 to either encrypt or decrypt this resource. Only one of kms_key_self_link, rsa_encrypted_key and raw_key may be set.
*  `rsa_encrypted_key` - (Optional), Specifies an RFC 4648 base64 encoded, RSA-wrapped 2048-bit customer-supplied encryption key to either encrypt or decrypt this resource. Only one of kms_key_self_link, rsa_encrypted_key and raw_key may be set.
*  `kms_key_service_account` -  (Optional), The service account being used for the encryption request for the given KMS key. If absent, the Compute Engine default service account is used.
*  `kms_key_self_link` - (Optional), The self link of the encryption key that is stored in Google Cloud KMS. Only one of kms_key_self_link, rsa_encrypted_key and raw_key may be set.
- - -

<a name="nested_all_instances_config"></a>The `all_instances_config` block supports:

```hcl
all_instances_config {
  metadata = {
    metadata_key = "metadata_value"
  }
  labels = {
    label_key = "label_Value"
  }
}
```

* `metadata` - (Optional), The metadata key-value pairs that you want to patch onto the instance. For more information, see [Project and instance metadata](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/metadata#project_and_instance_metadata).

* `labels` - (Optional), The label key-value pairs that you want to patch onto the instance.

- - -

<a name="nested_named_port"></a>The `named_port` block supports: (Include a `named_port` block for each named-port required).

* `name` - (Required) The name of the port.

* `port` - (Required) The port number.
- - -

The `auto_healing_policies` block supports:

* `health_check` - (Required) The health check resource that signals autohealing.

* `initial_delay_sec` - (Required) The number of seconds that the managed instance group waits before
 it applies autohealing policies to new instances or recently recreated instances. Between 0 and 3600.

<a name="nested_version"></a>The `version` block supports:

```hcl
version {
  name              = "appserver-canary"
  instance_template = google_compute_instance_template.appserver-canary.self_link_unique

  target_size {
    fixed = 1
  }
}
```

```hcl
version {
  name              = "appserver-canary"
  instance_template = google_compute_instance_template.appserver-canary.self_link_unique

  target_size {
    percent = 20
  }
}
```

* `instance_template` - (Required) - The full URL to an instance template from which all new instances of this version will be created.

* `name` - (Optional) - Version name.

* `target_size` - (Optional) - The number of instances calculated as a fixed number or a percentage depending on the settings. Structure is [documented below](#nested_target_size).

-> Exactly one `version` you specify must not have a `target_size` specified. During a rolling update, the instance group manager will fulfill the `target_size`
constraints of every other `version`, and any remaining instances will be provisioned with the version where `target_size` is unset.

<a name="nested_target_size"></a>The `target_size` block supports:

* `fixed` - (Optional), The number of instances which are managed for this version. Conflicts with `percent`.

* `percent` - (Optional), The number of instances (calculated as percentage) which are managed for this version. Conflicts with `fixed`.
Note that when using `percent`, rounding will be in favor of explicitly set `target_size` values; a managed instance group with 2 instances and 2 `version`s,
one of which has a `target_size.percent` of `60` will create 2 instances of that `version`.

<a name="nested_stateful_disk"></a>The `stateful_disk` block supports: (Include a `stateful_disk` block for each stateful disk required).

* `device_name` - (Required), The device name of the disk to be attached.

* `delete_rule` - (Optional), A value that prescribes what should happen to the stateful disk when the VM instance is deleted. The available options are `NEVER` and `ON_PERMANENT_INSTANCE_DELETION`. `NEVER` - detach the disk when the VM is deleted, but do not delete the disk. `ON_PERMANENT_INSTANCE_DELETION` will delete the stateful disk when the VM is permanently deleted from the instance group. The default is `NEVER`.

<a name="nested_stateful_internal_ip"></a>The `stateful_internal_ip` block supports:

* `interface_name` - (Required), The network interface name of the internal Ip. Possible value: `nic0`.

* `delete_rule` - (Optional), A value that prescribes what should happen to the internal ip when the VM instance is deleted. The available options are `NEVER` and `ON_PERMANENT_INSTANCE_DELETION`. `NEVER` - detach the ip when the VM is deleted, but do not delete the ip. `ON_PERMANENT_INSTANCE_DELETION` will delete the internal ip when the VM is permanently deleted from the instance group.

<a name="nested_stateful_external_ip"></a>The `stateful_external_ip` block supports:

* `interface_name` - (Required), The network interface name of the external Ip. Possible value: `nic0`.

* `delete_rule` - (Optional), A value that prescribes what should happen to the external ip when the VM instance is deleted. The available options are `NEVER` and `ON_PERMANENT_INSTANCE_DELETION`. `NEVER` - detach the ip when the VM is deleted, but do not delete the ip. `ON_PERMANENT_INSTANCE_DELETION` will delete the external ip when the VM is permanently deleted from the instance group.

<a name="nested_params"></a>The `params` block supports:

```hcl
params{
  resource_manager_tags = {
    "tagKeys/123": "tagValues/123"
  }
}
```

* `resource_manager_tags` - (Optional) Resource manager tags to bind to the managed instance group. The tags are key-value pairs. Keys must be in the format tagKeys/123 and values in the format tagValues/456. For more information, see [Manage tags for resources](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/tag-resources)

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are
exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `projects/{{project}}/regions/{{region}}/instanceGroupManagers/{{name}}`

* `creation_timestamp` - Creation timestamp in RFC3339 text format.

* `fingerprint` - The fingerprint of the instance group manager.

* `instance_group` - The full URL of the instance group created by the manager.

* `self_link` - The URL of the created resource.

The `status` block holds:

* `is_stable` - A bit indicating whether the managed instance group is in a stable state. A stable state means that: none of the instances in the managed instance group is currently undergoing any type of change (for example, creation, restart, or deletion); no future changes are scheduled for instances in the managed instance group; and the managed instance group itself is not being modified.

* `all_instances_config` - Status of all-instances configuration on the group.

* `stateful` - Stateful status of the given Instance Group Manager.

* `version_target` - A status of consistency of Instances' versions with their target version specified by version field on Instance Group Manager.

The `version_target` block holds:

* `version_target` - A bit indicating whether version target has been reached in this managed instance group, i.e. all instances are in their target version. Instances' target version are specified by version field on Instance Group Manager.

The `all_instances_config` block holds:

* `effective` -  A bit indicating whether this configuration has been applied to all managed instances in the group.

* `current_revision` - Current all-instances configuration revision. This value is in RFC3339 text format.

The `stateful` block holds:

* `has_stateful_config` - A bit indicating whether the managed instance group has stateful configuration, that is, if you have configured any items in a stateful policy or in per-instance configs. The group might report that it has no stateful config even when there is still some preserved state on a managed instance, for example, if you have deleted all PICs but not yet applied those deletions.

* `per_instance_configs` - Status of per-instance configs on the instances.

The `per_instance_configs` block holds:

* `all_effective` - A bit indicating if all of the group's per-instance configs (listed in the output of a listPerInstanceConfigs API call) have status `EFFECTIVE` or there are no per-instance-configs.

## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options: configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 15 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 15 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 15 minutes.


## Import

Instance group managers can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

* `{{name}}`

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import instance group managers using one of the formats above. For example:

```tf
import {
  id = "{{name}}"
  to = google_compute_region_instance_group_manager.default
}
```

When using the [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import), instance group managers can be imported using one of the formats above. For example:

```
$ terraform import google_compute_region_instance_group_manager.default {{name}}
```
