---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Compute Engine"
layout: "google"
page_title: "Google: google_compute_interconnect_attachment"
sidebar_current: "docs-google-compute-interconnect-attachment"
description: |-
  Represents an InterconnectAttachment (VLAN attachment) resource.
---

# google\_compute\_interconnect\_attachment

Represents an InterconnectAttachment (VLAN attachment) resource. For more
information, see Creating VLAN Attachments.



## Example Usage - Interconnect Attachment Basic


```hcl
resource "google_compute_interconnect_attachment" "on_prem" {
  name         = "on-prem-attachment"
  interconnect = "my-interconnect-id"
  router       = google_compute_router.foobar.self_link
}

resource "google_compute_router" "foobar" {
  name    = "router"
  network = google_compute_network.foobar.name
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `router` -
  (Required)
  URL of the cloud router to be used for dynamic routing. This router must be in
  the same region as this InterconnectAttachment. The InterconnectAttachment will
  automatically connect the Interconnect to the network & region within which the
  Cloud Router is configured.

* `name` -
  (Required)
  Name of the resource. Provided by the client when the resource is created. The
  name must be 1-63 characters long, and comply with RFC1035. Specifically, the
  name must be 1-63 characters long and match the regular expression
  `[a-z]([-a-z0-9]*[a-z0-9])?` which means the first character must be a
  lowercase letter, and all following characters must be a dash, lowercase
  letter, or digit, except the last character, which cannot be a dash.


- - -


* `admin_enabled` -
  (Optional)
  Whether the VLAN attachment is enabled or disabled.  When using
  PARTNER type this will Pre-Activate the interconnect attachment

* `interconnect` -
  (Optional)
  URL of the underlying Interconnect object that this attachment's
  traffic will traverse through. Required if type is DEDICATED, must not
  be set if type is PARTNER.

* `description` -
  (Optional)
  An optional description of this resource.

* `bandwidth` -
  (Optional)
  Provisioned bandwidth capacity for the interconnect attachment.
  For attachments of type DEDICATED, the user can set the bandwidth.
  For attachments of type PARTNER, the Google Partner that is operating the interconnect must set the bandwidth.
  Output only for PARTNER type, mutable for PARTNER_PROVIDER and DEDICATED,
  Defaults to BPS_10G

* `edge_availability_domain` -
  (Optional)
  Desired availability domain for the attachment. Only available for type
  PARTNER, at creation time. For improved reliability, customers should
  configure a pair of attachments with one per availability domain. The
  selected availability domain will be provided to the Partner via the
  pairing key so that the provisioned circuit will lie in the specified
  domain. If not specified, the value will default to AVAILABILITY_DOMAIN_ANY.

* `type` -
  (Optional)
  The type of InterconnectAttachment you wish to create. Defaults to
  DEDICATED.

* `candidate_subnets` -
  (Optional)
  Up to 16 candidate prefixes that can be used to restrict the allocation
  of cloudRouterIpAddress and customerRouterIpAddress for this attachment.
  All prefixes must be within link-local address space (169.254.0.0/16)
  and must be /29 or shorter (/28, /27, etc). Google will attempt to select
  an unused /29 from the supplied candidate prefix(es). The request will
  fail if all possible /29s are in use on Google's edge. If not supplied,
  Google will randomly select an unused /29 from all of link-local space.

* `vlan_tag8021q` -
  (Optional)
  The IEEE 802.1Q VLAN tag for this attachment, in the range 2-4094. When
  using PARTNER type this will be managed upstream.

* `region` -
  (Optional)
  Region where the regional interconnect attachment resides.

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.


## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:


* `cloud_router_ip_address` -
  IPv4 address + prefix length to be configured on Cloud Router
  Interface for this interconnect attachment.

* `customer_router_ip_address` -
  IPv4 address + prefix length to be configured on the customer
  router subinterface for this interconnect attachment.

* `pairing_key` -
  [Output only for type PARTNER. Not present for DEDICATED]. The opaque
  identifier of an PARTNER attachment used to initiate provisioning with
  a selected partner. Of the form "XXXXX/region/domain"

* `partner_asn` -
  [Output only for type PARTNER. Not present for DEDICATED]. Optional
  BGP ASN for the router that should be supplied by a layer 3 Partner if
  they configured BGP on behalf of the customer.

* `private_interconnect_info` -
  Information specific to an InterconnectAttachment. This property
  is populated if the interconnect that this is attached to is of type DEDICATED.  Structure is documented below.

* `state` -
  [Output Only] The current state of this attachment's functionality.

* `google_reference_id` -
  Google reference ID, to be used when raising support tickets with
  Google or otherwise to debug backend connectivity issues.

* `creation_timestamp` -
  Creation timestamp in RFC3339 text format.
* `self_link` - The URI of the created resource.


The `private_interconnect_info` block contains:

* `tag8021q` -
  802.1q encapsulation tag to be used for traffic between
  Google and the customer, going to and from this network and region.

## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](/docs/configuration/resources.html#timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 4 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 4 minutes.

## Import

InterconnectAttachment can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

```
$ terraform import google_compute_interconnect_attachment.default projects/{{project}}/regions/{{region}}/interconnectAttachments/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_compute_interconnect_attachment.default {{project}}/{{region}}/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_compute_interconnect_attachment.default {{region}}/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_compute_interconnect_attachment.default {{name}}
```

-> If you're importing a resource with beta features, make sure to include `-provider=google-beta`
as an argument so that Terraform uses the correct provider to import your resource.

## User Project Overrides

This resource supports [User Project Overrides](https://www.terraform.io/docs/providers/google/guides/provider_reference.html#user_project_override).
