---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Compute Engine"
layout: "google"
page_title: "Google: google_compute_subnetwork_iam"
sidebar_current: "docs-google-compute-subnetwork-iam"
description: |-
  Collection of resources to manage IAM policy for ComputeSubnetwork
---

# IAM policy for ComputeSubnetwork
Three different resources help you manage your IAM policy for Compute Subnetwork. Each of these resources serves a different use case:

* `google_compute_subnetwork_iam_policy`: Authoritative. Sets the IAM policy for the subnetwork and replaces any existing policy already attached.
* `google_compute_subnetwork_iam_binding`: Authoritative for a given role. Updates the IAM policy to grant a role to a list of members. Other roles within the IAM policy for the subnetwork are preserved.
* `google_compute_subnetwork_iam_member`: Non-authoritative. Updates the IAM policy to grant a role to a new member. Other members for the role for the subnetwork are preserved.

~> **Note:** `google_compute_subnetwork_iam_policy` **cannot** be used in conjunction with `google_compute_subnetwork_iam_binding` and `google_compute_subnetwork_iam_member` or they will fight over what your policy should be.

~> **Note:** `google_compute_subnetwork_iam_binding` resources **can be** used in conjunction with `google_compute_subnetwork_iam_member` resources **only if** they do not grant privilege to the same role.



## google\_compute\_subnetwork\_iam\_policy

```hcl
data "google_iam_policy" "admin" {
	binding {
		role = "roles/compute.networkUser"
		members = [
			"user:jane@example.com",
		]
	}
}

resource "google_compute_subnetwork_iam_policy" "editor" {
	project = "${google_compute_subnetwork.network-with-private-secondary-ip-ranges.project}"
	region = "${google_compute_subnetwork.network-with-private-secondary-ip-ranges.region}"
	subnetwork = "${google_compute_subnetwork.network-with-private-secondary-ip-ranges.name}"
	policy_data = "${data.google_iam_policy.admin.policy_data}"
}
```

## google\_compute\_subnetwork\_iam\_binding

```hcl
resource "google_compute_subnetwork_iam_binding" "editor" {
	project = "${google_compute_subnetwork.network-with-private-secondary-ip-ranges.project}"
	region = "${google_compute_subnetwork.network-with-private-secondary-ip-ranges.region}"
	subnetwork = "${google_compute_subnetwork.network-with-private-secondary-ip-ranges.name}"
	role = "roles/compute.networkUser"
	members = [
		"user:jane@example.com",
	]
}
```

## google\_compute\_subnetwork\_iam\_member

```hcl
resource "google_compute_subnetwork_iam_member" "editor" {
	project = "${google_compute_subnetwork.network-with-private-secondary-ip-ranges.project}"
	region = "${google_compute_subnetwork.network-with-private-secondary-ip-ranges.region}"
	subnetwork = "${google_compute_subnetwork.network-with-private-secondary-ip-ranges.name}"
	role = "roles/compute.networkUser"
	member = "user:jane@example.com"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `subnetwork` - (Required) Used to find the parent resource to bind the IAM policy to
* `region` - (Optional) URL of the GCP region for this subnetwork.
 Used to find the parent resource to bind the IAM policy to. If not specified,
  the value will be parsed from the identifier of the parent resource. If no region is provided in the parent identifier and no
  region is specified, it is taken from the provider configuration.

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the project will be parsed from the identifier of the parent resource. If no project is provided in the parent identifier and no project is specified, the provider project is used.

* `member/members` - (Required) Identities that will be granted the privilege in `role`.
  Each entry can have one of the following values:
  * **allUsers**: A special identifier that represents anyone who is on the internet; with or without a Google account.
  * **allAuthenticatedUsers**: A special identifier that represents anyone who is authenticated with a Google account or a service account.
  * **user:{emailid}**: An email address that represents a specific Google account. For example, alice@gmail.com or joe@example.com.
  * **serviceAccount:{emailid}**: An email address that represents a service account. For example, my-other-app@appspot.gserviceaccount.com.
  * **group:{emailid}**: An email address that represents a Google group. For example, admins@example.com.
  * **domain:{domain}**: A G Suite domain (primary, instead of alias) name that represents all the users of that domain. For example, google.com or example.com.

* `role` - (Required) The role that should be applied. Only one
    `google_compute_subnetwork_iam_binding` can be used per role. Note that custom roles must be of the format
    `[projects|organizations]/{parent-name}/roles/{role-name}`.

* `policy_data` - (Required only by `google_compute_subnetwork_iam_policy`) The policy data generated by
  a `google_iam_policy` data source.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are
exported:

* `etag` - (Computed) The etag of the IAM policy.

## Import

For all import syntaxes, the "resource in question" can take any of the following forms:

* projects/{{project}}/regions/{{region}}/subnetworks/{{name}}
* {{project}}/{{region}}/{{name}}
* {{region}}/{{name}}
* {{name}}

Any variables not passed in the import command will be taken from the provider configuration.

Compute subnetwork IAM resources can be imported using the resource identifiers, role, and member.

IAM member imports use space-delimited identifiers: the resource in question, the role, and the member identity, e.g.
```
$ terraform import google_compute_subnetwork_iam_member.editor "projects/{{project}}/regions/{{region}}/subnetworks/{{subnetwork}} roles/compute.networkUser jane@example.com"
```

IAM binding imports use space-delimited identifiers: the resource in question and the role, e.g.
```
$ terraform import google_compute_subnetwork_iam_binding.editor "projects/{{project}}/regions/{{region}}/subnetworks/{{subnetwork}} roles/compute.networkUser"
```

IAM policy imports use the identifier of the resource in question, e.g.
```
$ terraform import google_compute_subnetwork_iam_policy.editor projects/{{project}}/regions/{{region}}/subnetworks/{{subnetwork}}
```

-> If you're importing a resource with beta features, make sure to include `-provider=google-beta`
as an argument so that Terraform uses the correct provider to import your resource.

## User Project Overrides

This resource supports [User Project Overrides](https://www.terraform.io/docs/providers/google/guides/provider_reference.html#user_project_override).
