---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Compute Engine"
description: |-
  Represents a Regional SSL policy.
---

# google_compute_region_ssl_policy

Represents a Regional SSL policy. SSL policies give you the ability to control the
features of SSL that your SSL proxy or HTTPS load balancer negotiates.


To get more information about RegionSslPolicy, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/rest/v1/regionSslPolicies)
* How-to Guides
    * [Using SSL Policies](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/load-balancing/ssl-policies)

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `name` -
  (Required)
  Name of the resource. Provided by the client when the resource is
  created. The name must be 1-63 characters long, and comply with
  RFC1035. Specifically, the name must be 1-63 characters long and match
  the regular expression `[a-z]([-a-z0-9]*[a-z0-9])?` which means the
  first character must be a lowercase letter, and all following
  characters must be a dash, lowercase letter, or digit, except the last
  character, which cannot be a dash.


- - -


* `description` -
  (Optional)
  An optional description of this resource.

* `profile` -
  (Optional)
  Profile specifies the set of SSL features that can be used by the
  load balancer when negotiating SSL with clients. If using `CUSTOM`,
  the set of SSL features to enable must be specified in the
  `customFeatures` field.
  See the [official documentation](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/load-balancing/ssl-policies#profilefeaturesupport)
  for information on what cipher suites each profile provides. If
  `CUSTOM` is used, the `custom_features` attribute **must be set**.
  Default value is `COMPATIBLE`.
  Possible values are: `COMPATIBLE`, `MODERN`, `RESTRICTED`, `CUSTOM`.

* `min_tls_version` -
  (Optional)
  The minimum version of SSL protocol that can be used by the clients
  to establish a connection with the load balancer.
  Default value is `TLS_1_0`.
  Possible values are: `TLS_1_0`, `TLS_1_1`, `TLS_1_2`.

* `custom_features` -
  (Optional)
  A list of features enabled when the selected profile is CUSTOM. The
  method returns the set of features that can be specified in this
  list. This field must be empty if the profile is not CUSTOM.
  See the [official documentation](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/load-balancing/ssl-policies#profilefeaturesupport)
  for which ciphers are available to use. **Note**: this argument
  *must* be present when using the `CUSTOM` profile. This argument
  *must not* be present when using any other profile.

* `region` -
  (Optional)
  The region where the regional SSL policy resides.

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.


## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `projects/{{project}}/regions/{{region}}/sslPolicies/{{name}}`

* `creation_timestamp` -
  Creation timestamp in RFC3339 text format.

* `enabled_features` -
  The list of features enabled in the SSL policy.

* `fingerprint` -
  Fingerprint of this resource. A hash of the contents stored in this
  object. This field is used in optimistic locking.
* `self_link` - The URI of the created resource.


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


RegionSslPolicy can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

* `projects/{{project}}/regions/{{region}}/sslPolicies/{{name}}`
* `{{project}}/{{region}}/{{name}}`
* `{{region}}/{{name}}`
* `{{name}}`


In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import RegionSslPolicy using one of the formats above. For example:

```tf
import {
  id = "projects/{{project}}/regions/{{region}}/sslPolicies/{{name}}"
  to = google_compute_region_ssl_policy.default
}
```

When using the [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import), RegionSslPolicy can be imported using one of the formats above. For example:

```
$ terraform import google_compute_region_ssl_policy.default projects/{{project}}/regions/{{region}}/sslPolicies/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_compute_region_ssl_policy.default {{project}}/{{region}}/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_compute_region_ssl_policy.default {{region}}/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_compute_region_ssl_policy.default {{name}}
```

## User Project Overrides

This resource supports [User Project Overrides](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/provider_reference#user_project_override).
