---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This code is generated by Magic Modules using the following:
#
#     Configuration: https:#github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/magic-modules/tree/main/mmv1/products/compute/FirewallPolicy.yaml
#     Template:      https:#github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/magic-modules/tree/main/mmv1/templates/terraform/resource.html.markdown.tmpl
#
#     DO NOT EDIT this file directly. Any changes made to this file will be
#     overwritten during the next generation cycle.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Compute Engine"
description: |-
  Hierarchical firewall policy rules let you create and enforce a consistent firewall policy across your organization.
---

# google_compute_firewall_policy

Hierarchical firewall policy rules let you create and enforce a consistent firewall policy across your organization. Rules can explicitly allow or deny connections or delegate evaluation to lower level policies. Policies can be created within organizations or folders.

This resource should be generally be used with `google_compute_firewall_policy_association` and `google_compute_firewall_policy_rule`

For more information see the [official documentation](https://cloud.google.com/vpc/docs/firewall-policies)


To get more information about FirewallPolicy, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/rest/v1/firewallPolicies)

## Example Usage - Firewall Policy


```hcl
resource "google_compute_firewall_policy" "default" {
  parent      = "organizations/123456789"
  short_name  = "my-policy"
  description = "Example Resource"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `short_name` -
  (Required)
  User-provided name of the Organization firewall policy. The name should be unique in the organization in which the firewall policy is created.
  This field is not applicable to network firewall policies. This name must be set on creation and cannot be changed. The name must be 1-63 characters long, and comply with RFC1035.
  Specifically, the name must be 1-63 characters long and match the regular expression [a-z]([-a-z0-9]*[a-z0-9])? which means the first character must be a lowercase letter, and all following characters must be a dash, lowercase letter, or digit, except the last character, which cannot be a dash.

* `parent` -
  (Required)
  The parent of the firewall policy.


* `description` -
  (Optional)
  An optional description of this resource. Provide this property when you create the resource.



## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `locations/global/firewallPolicies/{{name}}`

* `creation_timestamp` -
  Creation timestamp in RFC3339 text format.

* `name` -
  Name of the resource. It is a numeric ID allocated by GCP which uniquely identifies the Firewall Policy.

* `firewall_policy_id` -
  The unique identifier for the resource. This identifier is defined by the server.

* `fingerprint` -
  Fingerprint of the resource. This field is used internally during updates of this resource.

* `self_link` -
  Server-defined URL for the resource.

* `self_link_with_id` -
  Server-defined URL for this resource with the resource id.

* `rule_tuple_count` -
  Total count of all firewall policy rule tuples. A firewall policy can not exceed a set number of tuples.


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


FirewallPolicy can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

* `locations/global/firewallPolicies/{{name}}`
* `{{name}}`

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, use an [`identity` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/identities) to import FirewallPolicy using identity values. For example:

```tf
import {
  identity = {
    name = "<-optional value->"
  }
  to = google_compute_firewall_policy.default
}
```

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import FirewallPolicy using one of the formats above. For example:

```tf
import {
  id = "locations/global/firewallPolicies/{{name}}"
  to = google_compute_firewall_policy.default
}
```

When using the [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import), FirewallPolicy can be imported using one of the formats above. For example:

```
$ terraform import google_compute_firewall_policy.default locations/global/firewallPolicies/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_compute_firewall_policy.default {{name}}
```
