---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Compute Engine"
description: |-
  A rule for the OrganizationSecurityPolicy.
---

# google_compute_organization_security_policy_rule

A rule for the OrganizationSecurityPolicy.

~> **Warning:** This resource is in beta, and should be used with the terraform-provider-google-beta provider.
See [Provider Versions](https://terraform.io/docs/providers/google/guides/provider_versions.html) for more details on beta resources.

To get more information about OrganizationSecurityPolicyRule, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/rest/beta/organizationSecurityPolicies/addRule)
* How-to Guides
    * [Creating firewall rules](https://cloud.google.com/vpc/docs/using-firewall-policies#create-rules)

## Example Usage - Organization Security Policy Rule Basic


```hcl
resource "google_compute_organization_security_policy" "policy" {
  provider = google-beta
  display_name = "tf-test%{random_suffix}"
  parent       = "organizations/123456789"
}

resource "google_compute_organization_security_policy_rule" "policy" {
  provider = google-beta

  policy_id = google_compute_organization_security_policy.policy.id
  action = "allow"

  direction = "INGRESS"
  enable_logging = true
  match {
    config {
      src_ip_ranges = ["192.168.0.0/16", "10.0.0.0/8"]
      layer4_config {
        ip_protocol = "tcp"
        ports = ["22"]
      }
      layer4_config {
        ip_protocol = "icmp"
      }
    }
  }
  priority = 100
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `priority` -
  (Required)
  An integer indicating the priority of a rule in the list. The priority must be a value
  between 0 and 2147483647. Rules are evaluated from highest to lowest priority where 0 is the
  highest priority and 2147483647 is the lowest prority.

* `match` -
  (Required)
  A match condition that incoming traffic is evaluated against. If it evaluates to true, the corresponding 'action' is enforced.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_match).

* `action` -
  (Required)
  The Action to perform when the client connection triggers the rule. Can currently be either
  "allow", "deny" or "goto_next".

* `policy_id` -
  (Required)
  The ID of the OrganizationSecurityPolicy this rule applies to.


<a name="nested_match"></a>The `match` block supports:

* `description` -
  (Optional)
  A description of the rule.

* `versioned_expr` -
  (Optional)
  Preconfigured versioned expression. For organization security policy rules,
  the only supported type is "FIREWALL".
  Default value is `FIREWALL`.
  Possible values are: `FIREWALL`.

* `config` -
  (Required)
  The configuration options for matching the rule.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_config).


<a name="nested_config"></a>The `config` block supports:

* `src_ip_ranges` -
  (Optional)
  Source IP address range in CIDR format. Required for
  INGRESS rules.

* `dest_ip_ranges` -
  (Optional)
  Destination IP address range in CIDR format. Required for
  EGRESS rules.

* `layer4_config` -
  (Required)
  Pairs of IP protocols and ports that the rule should match.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_layer4_config).


<a name="nested_layer4_config"></a>The `layer4_config` block supports:

* `ip_protocol` -
  (Required)
  The IP protocol to which this rule applies. The protocol
  type is required when creating a firewall rule.
  This value can either be one of the following well
  known protocol strings (tcp, udp, icmp, esp, ah, ipip, sctp),
  or the IP protocol number.

* `ports` -
  (Optional)
  An optional list of ports to which this rule applies. This field
  is only applicable for UDP or TCP protocol. Each entry must be
  either an integer or a range. If not specified, this rule
  applies to connections through any port.
  Example inputs include: ["22"], ["80","443"], and
  ["12345-12349"].

- - -


* `description` -
  (Optional)
  A description of the rule.

* `preview` -
  (Optional)
  If set to true, the specified action is not enforced.

* `direction` -
  (Optional)
  The direction in which this rule applies. If unspecified an INGRESS rule is created.
  Possible values are: `INGRESS`, `EGRESS`.

* `target_resources` -
  (Optional)
  A list of network resource URLs to which this rule applies.
  This field allows you to control which network's VMs get
  this rule. If this field is left blank, all VMs
  within the organization will receive the rule.

* `enable_logging` -
  (Optional)
  Denotes whether to enable logging for a particular rule.
  If logging is enabled, logs will be exported to the
  configured export destination in Stackdriver.

* `target_service_accounts` -
  (Optional)
  A list of service accounts indicating the sets of
  instances that are applied with this rule.


## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `{{policy_id}}/priority/{{priority}}`


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


OrganizationSecurityPolicyRule can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

* `{{policy_id}}/priority/{{priority}}`


In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import OrganizationSecurityPolicyRule using one of the formats above. For example:

```tf
import {
  id = "{{policy_id}}/priority/{{priority}}"
  to = google_compute_organization_security_policy_rule.default
}
```

When using the [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import), OrganizationSecurityPolicyRule can be imported using one of the formats above. For example:

```
$ terraform import google_compute_organization_security_policy_rule.default {{policy_id}}/priority/{{priority}}
```
