---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "google"
page_title: "Google: google_compute_global_address"
sidebar_current: "docs-google-compute-global-address"
description: |-
  Represents a Global Address resource.
---

# google\_compute\_global\_address

Represents a Global Address resource. Global addresses are used for
HTTP(S) load balancing.


To get more information about GlobalAddress, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/latest/globalAddresses)
* How-to Guides
    * [Reserving a Static External IP Address](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/ip-addresses/reserve-static-external-ip-address)

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "google_compute_global_address" "default" {
  name = "global-appserver-ip"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `name` -
  (Required)
  Name of the resource. Provided by the client when the resource is
  created. The name must be 1-63 characters long, and comply with
  RFC1035.  Specifically, the name must be 1-63 characters long and
  match the regular expression `[a-z]([-a-z0-9]*[a-z0-9])?` which means
  the first character must be a lowercase letter, and all following
  characters must be a dash, lowercase letter, or digit, except the last
  character, which cannot be a dash.


- - -


* `description` -
  (Optional)
  An optional description of this resource.
  Provide this property when you create the resource.

* `labels` -
  (Optional)
  Labels to apply to this address.  A list of key->value pairs.  This property is in beta, and should be used with the terraform-provider-google-beta provider.
  See [Provider Versions](https://terraform.io/docs/providers/google/provider_versions.html) for more details on beta fields.

* `ip_version` -
  (Optional)
  The IP Version that will be used by this address. Valid options are
  IPV4 or IPV6. The default value is IPV4.

* `prefix_length` -
  (Optional)
  The prefix length of the IP range. If not present, it means the
  address field is a single IP address.
  This field is not applicable to addresses with addressType=EXTERNAL.  This property is in beta, and should be used with the terraform-provider-google-beta provider.
  See [Provider Versions](https://terraform.io/docs/providers/google/provider_versions.html) for more details on beta fields.

* `address_type` -
  (Optional)
  The type of the address to reserve, default is EXTERNAL.
  * EXTERNAL indicates public/external single IP address.
  * INTERNAL indicates internal IP ranges belonging to some network.

* `purpose` -
  (Optional)
  The purpose of the resource. For global internal addresses it can be
  * VPC_PEERING - for peer networks
  This should only be set when using an Internal address.  This property is in beta, and should be used with the terraform-provider-google-beta provider.
  See [Provider Versions](https://terraform.io/docs/providers/google/provider_versions.html) for more details on beta fields.

* `network` -
  (Optional)
  The URL of the network in which to reserve the IP range. The IP range
  must be in RFC1918 space. The network cannot be deleted if there are
  any reserved IP ranges referring to it.
  This should only be set when using an Internal address.  This property is in beta, and should be used with the terraform-provider-google-beta provider.
  See [Provider Versions](https://terraform.io/docs/providers/google/provider_versions.html) for more details on beta fields.
* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.


## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:


* `address` -
  The static external IP address represented by this resource.

* `creation_timestamp` -
  Creation timestamp in RFC3339 text format.

* `label_fingerprint` -
  The fingerprint used for optimistic locking of this resource.  Used
  internally during updates.
* `self_link` - The URI of the created resource.


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](/docs/configuration/resources.html#timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 4 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 4 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 4 minutes.

## Import

GlobalAddress can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

```
$ terraform import google_compute_global_address.default projects/{{project}}/global/addresses/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_compute_global_address.default {{project}}/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_compute_global_address.default {{name}}
```
