---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This code is generated by Magic Modules using the following:
#
#     Configuration: https:#github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/magic-modules/tree/main/mmv1/products/compute/OrganizationSecurityPolicy.yaml
#     Template:      https:#github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/magic-modules/tree/main/mmv1/templates/terraform/resource.html.markdown.tmpl
#
#     DO NOT EDIT this file directly. Any changes made to this file will be
#     overwritten during the next generation cycle.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Compute Engine"
description: |-
  Organization security policies are used to control incoming/outgoing traffic.
---

# google_compute_organization_security_policy

Organization security policies are used to control incoming/outgoing traffic.


To get more information about OrganizationSecurityPolicy, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/rest/v1/organizationSecurityPolicies)
* How-to Guides
    * [Creating a firewall policy](https://cloud.google.com/vpc/docs/using-firewall-policies#create-policy)

## Example Usage - Organization Security Policy Basic


```hcl
resource "google_compute_organization_security_policy" "policy" {
  short_name = "my-short-name"
  parent     = "organizations/123456789"
  type       = "CLOUD_ARMOR"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `parent` -
  (Required)
  The parent of this OrganizationSecurityPolicy in the Cloud Resource Hierarchy.
  Format: organizations/{organization_id} or folders/{folder_id}


* `display_name` -
  (Optional)
  User-provided name of the organization security policy. The name should be unique in the organization in which the security policy is created. This should only be used when SecurityPolicyType is FIREWALL.

* `description` -
  (Optional)
  A textual description for the organization security policy.

* `short_name` -
  (Optional)
  User-provided name of the organization security policy. The name should be unique in the organization in which the security policy is created. This should only be used when SecurityPolicyType is CLOUD_ARMOR.

* `type` -
  (Optional)
  The type indicates the intended use of the security policy. This field can be set only at resource creation time.
  **NOTE** : 'FIREWALL' type is deprecated and will be removed in a future major release. Please use 'google_compute_firewall_policy' instead."
  Possible values are: `FIREWALL`, `CLOUD_ARMOR`, `CLOUD_ARMOR_EDGE`, `CLOUD_ARMOR_INTERNAL_SERVICE`, `CLOUD_ARMOR_NETWORK`.

* `deletion_policy` - (Optional) Whether Terraform will be prevented from destroying the resource. Defaults to DELETE.
	When a 'terraform destroy' or 'terraform apply' would delete the resource,
	the command will fail if this field is set to "PREVENT" in Terraform state.
	When set to "ABANDON", the command will remove the resource from Terraform
	management without updating or deleting the resource in the API.
	When set to "DELETE", deleting the resource is allowed.


## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `locations/global/securityPolicies/{{policy_id}}`

* `fingerprint` -
  Fingerprint of this resource. This field is used internally during
  updates of this resource.

* `policy_id` -
  The unique identifier for the resource. This identifier is defined by the server.


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


OrganizationSecurityPolicy can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

* `locations/global/securityPolicies/{{policy_id}}`
* `{{policy_id}}`


In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import OrganizationSecurityPolicy using one of the formats above. For example:

```tf
import {
  id = "locations/global/securityPolicies/{{policy_id}}"
  to = google_compute_organization_security_policy.default
}
```

When using the [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import), OrganizationSecurityPolicy can be imported using one of the formats above. For example:

```
$ terraform import google_compute_organization_security_policy.default locations/global/securityPolicies/{{policy_id}}
$ terraform import google_compute_organization_security_policy.default {{policy_id}}
```
