---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "google"
page_title: "Google: google_compute_forwarding_rule"
sidebar_current: "docs-google-compute-forwarding-rule"
description: |-
  A ForwardingRule resource.
---

# google\_compute\_forwarding\_rule

A ForwardingRule resource. A ForwardingRule resource specifies which pool
of target virtual machines to forward a packet to if it matches the given
[IPAddress, IPProtocol, portRange] tuple.


To get more information about ForwardingRule, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/latest/forwardingRule)
* How-to Guides
    * [Official Documentation](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/load-balancing/network/forwarding-rules)

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "google_compute_forwarding_rule" "default" {
  name       = "website-forwarding-rule"
  target     = "${google_compute_target_pool.default.self_link}"
  port_range = "80"
}

resource "google_compute_target_pool" "default" {
  name = "website-target-pool"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `name` -
  (Required)
  Name of the resource; provided by the client when the resource is
  created. The name must be 1-63 characters long, and comply with
  RFC1035. Specifically, the name must be 1-63 characters long and match
  the regular expression `[a-z]([-a-z0-9]*[a-z0-9])?` which means the
  first character must be a lowercase letter, and all following
  characters must be a dash, lowercase letter, or digit, except the last
  character, which cannot be a dash.


- - -


* `description` -
  (Optional)
  An optional description of this resource. Provide this property when
  you create the resource.

* `ip_address` -
  (Optional)
  The IP address that this forwarding rule is serving on behalf of.
  Addresses are restricted based on the forwarding rule's load balancing
  scheme (EXTERNAL or INTERNAL) and scope (global or regional).
  When the load balancing scheme is EXTERNAL, for global forwarding
  rules, the address must be a global IP, and for regional forwarding
  rules, the address must live in the same region as the forwarding
  rule. If this field is empty, an ephemeral IPv4 address from the same
  scope (global or regional) will be assigned. A regional forwarding
  rule supports IPv4 only. A global forwarding rule supports either IPv4
  or IPv6.
  When the load balancing scheme is INTERNAL, this can only be an RFC
  1918 IP address belonging to the network/subnet configured for the
  forwarding rule. By default, if this field is empty, an ephemeral
  internal IP address will be automatically allocated from the IP range
  of the subnet or network configured for this forwarding rule.
  An address can be specified either by a literal IP address or a URL
  reference to an existing Address resource. The following examples are
  all valid:
  * 100.1.2.3
  * https://www.googleapis.com/compute/v1/projects/project/regions/
       region/addresses/address
  * projects/project/regions/region/addresses/address
  * regions/region/addresses/address
  * global/addresses/address
  * address

* `ip_protocol` -
  (Optional)
  The IP protocol to which this rule applies. Valid options are TCP,
  UDP, ESP, AH, SCTP or ICMP.
  When the load balancing scheme is INTERNAL, only TCP and UDP are
  valid.

* `backend_service` -
  (Optional)
  A reference to a BackendService to receive the matched traffic.
  This is used for internal load balancing.
  (not used for external load balancing)

* `ip_version` -
  (Optional)
  The IP Version that will be used by this forwarding rule. Valid
  options are IPV4 or IPV6. This can only be specified for a global
  forwarding rule.

* `load_balancing_scheme` -
  (Optional)
  This signifies what the ForwardingRule will be used for and can only
  take the following values: INTERNAL, EXTERNAL The value of INTERNAL
  means that this will be used for Internal Network Load Balancing (TCP,
  UDP). The value of EXTERNAL means that this will be used for External
  Load Balancing (HTTP(S) LB, External TCP/UDP LB, SSL Proxy)

* `network` -
  (Optional)
  For internal load balancing, this field identifies the network that
  the load balanced IP should belong to for this Forwarding Rule. If
  this field is not specified, the default network will be used.
  This field is not used for external load balancing.

* `port_range` -
  (Optional)
  This field is used along with the target field for TargetHttpProxy,
  TargetHttpsProxy, TargetSslProxy, TargetTcpProxy, TargetVpnGateway,
  TargetPool, TargetInstance.
  Applicable only when IPProtocol is TCP, UDP, or SCTP, only packets
  addressed to ports in the specified range will be forwarded to target.
  Forwarding rules with the same [IPAddress, IPProtocol] pair must have
  disjoint port ranges.
  Some types of forwarding target have constraints on the acceptable
  ports:
  * TargetHttpProxy: 80, 8080
  * TargetHttpsProxy: 443
  * TargetTcpProxy: 25, 43, 110, 143, 195, 443, 465, 587, 700, 993, 995,
                    1883, 5222
  * TargetSslProxy: 25, 43, 110, 143, 195, 443, 465, 587, 700, 993, 995,
                    1883, 5222
  * TargetVpnGateway: 500, 4500

* `ports` -
  (Optional)
  This field is used along with the backend_service field for internal
  load balancing.
  When the load balancing scheme is INTERNAL, a single port or a comma
  separated list of ports can be configured. Only packets addressed to
  these ports will be forwarded to the backends configured with this
  forwarding rule.
  You may specify a maximum of up to 5 ports.

* `subnetwork` -
  (Optional)
  A reference to a subnetwork.
  For internal load balancing, this field identifies the subnetwork that
  the load balanced IP should belong to for this Forwarding Rule.
  If the network specified is in auto subnet mode, this field is
  optional. However, if the network is in custom subnet mode, a
  subnetwork must be specified.
  This field is not used for external load balancing.

* `target` -
  (Optional)
  A reference to a TargetPool resource to receive the matched traffic.
  For regional forwarding rules, this target must live in the same
  region as the forwarding rule. For global forwarding rules, this
  target must be a global load balancing resource. The forwarded traffic
  must be of a type appropriate to the target object.
  This field is not used for internal load balancing.

* `labels` -
  (Optional)
  Labels to apply to this forwarding rule.  A list of key->value pairs.  This property is in beta, and should be used with the terraform-provider-google-beta provider.
  See [Provider Versions](https://terraform.io/docs/providers/google/provider_versions.html) for more details on beta fields.

* `network_tier` -
  (Optional)
  The networking tier used for configuring this address. This field can
  take the following values: PREMIUM or STANDARD. If this field is not
  specified, it is assumed to be PREMIUM.

* `service_label` -
  (Optional)
  An optional prefix to the service name for this Forwarding Rule.
  If specified, will be the first label of the fully qualified service
  name.
  The label must be 1-63 characters long, and comply with RFC1035.
  Specifically, the label must be 1-63 characters long and match the
  regular expression `[a-z]([-a-z0-9]*[a-z0-9])?` which means the first
  character must be a lowercase letter, and all following characters
  must be a dash, lowercase letter, or digit, except the last
  character, which cannot be a dash.
  This field is only used for internal load balancing.  This property is in beta, and should be used with the terraform-provider-google-beta provider.
  See [Provider Versions](https://terraform.io/docs/providers/google/provider_versions.html) for more details on beta fields.

* `region` -
  (Optional)
  A reference to the region where the regional forwarding rule resides.
  This field is not applicable to global forwarding rules.
* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.


## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:


* `creation_timestamp` -
  Creation timestamp in RFC3339 text format.

* `label_fingerprint` -
  The fingerprint used for optimistic locking of this resource.  Used
  internally during updates.

* `service_name` -
  The internal fully qualified service name for this Forwarding Rule.
  This field is only used for internal load balancing.  This property is in beta, and should be used with the terraform-provider-google-beta provider.
  See [Provider Versions](https://terraform.io/docs/providers/google/provider_versions.html) for more details on beta fields.
* `self_link` - The URI of the created resource.


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](/docs/configuration/resources.html#timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 4 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 4 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 4 minutes.

## Import

ForwardingRule can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

```
$ terraform import google_compute_forwarding_rule.default projects/{{project}}/regions/{{region}}/forwardingRules/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_compute_forwarding_rule.default {{project}}/{{region}}/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_compute_forwarding_rule.default {{name}}
```
