<!---
 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------

     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***

 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------

     This file is automatically generated and manual changes will be
     clobbered when the file is regenerated.

     Please read more about how to change this file in
     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.

 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
--->
---
layout: "google"
page_title: "Google: google_compute_gcompute_backend_bucket"
sidebar_current: "docs-google-compute-gcompute-backend-bucket"
description: |-
  Backend buckets allow you to use Google Cloud Storage buckets with HTTP(S)
---

# google\_compute\_gcompute\_backend\_bucket

Backend buckets allow you to use Google Cloud Storage buckets with HTTP(S)
load balancing.

An HTTP(S) load balancing can direct traffic to specified URLs to a
backend bucket rather than a backend service. It can send requests for
static content to a Cloud Storage bucket and requests for dynamic content
a virtual machine instance.

To get more information about BackendBucket, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/latest/backendBuckets)
* How-to Guides
    * [Using a Cloud Storage bucket as a load balancer backend](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/load-balancing/http/backend-bucket)
  
## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "google_compute_gcompute_backend_bucket" "default" {
  TODO: Add fields
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `bucket_name` -
  (Required)
  Cloud Storage bucket name.
* `name` -
  (Required)
  Name of the resource. Provided by the client when the resource is
created. The name must be 1-63 characters long, and comply with
RFC1035.  Specifically, the name must be 1-63 characters long and
match the regular expression `[a-z]([-a-z0-9]*[a-z0-9])?` which means
the first character must be a lowercase letter, and all following
characters must be a dash, lowercase letter, or digit, except the
last character, which cannot be a dash.




- - -

* `description` -
  (Optional)
  An optional textual description of the resource; provided by the
client when the resource is created.
* `enable_cdn` -
  (Optional)
  If true, enable Cloud CDN for this BackendBucket.
* `project` (Optional) The project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.




## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `creation_timestamp` -
  Creation timestamp in RFC3339 text format.
* `self_link` - The URI of the created resource.



## Import

BackendBucket can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

```
$ terraform import google_compute_gcompute_backend_bucket.default projects/{{project}}/global/backendBuckets/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_compute_gcompute_backend_bucket.default {{project}}/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_compute_gcompute_backend_bucket.default {{name}}
```
