---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This code is generated by Magic Modules using the following:
#
#     Configuration: https:#github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/magic-modules/tree/main/mmv1/products/config/Deployment.yaml
#     Template:      https:#github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/magic-modules/tree/main/mmv1/templates/terraform/resource.html.markdown.tmpl
#
#     DO NOT EDIT this file directly. Any changes made to this file will be
#     overwritten during the next generation cycle.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Infrastructure Manager"
description: |-
  A group of Google Cloud resources described by a Terraform blueprint.
---

# google_config_deployment

A group of Google Cloud resources described by a Terraform blueprint.


To get more information about Deployment, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/infrastructure-manager/docs/reference/rest/v1/projects.locations.deployments)

## Example Usage - Config Deployment Basic


```hcl
resource "google_config_deployment" "default" {
  name            = "my-deployment"
  location        = "us-central1"
  service_account = "projects/<no value>/serviceAccounts/my-service-account@my-project.iam.gserviceaccount.com"

  terraform_blueprint {
    git_source {
      repo      = "https://github.com/terraform-google-modules/terraform-google-network"
      directory = "modules/vpc"
      ref       = "main"
    }
    
    input_values {
      variable_name = "project_id"
      input_value   = "<no value>"
    }
    input_values {
      variable_name = "network_name"
      input_value   = "my-network"
    }
  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `name` -
  (Required)
  The user-specified ID of the deployment.

* `service_account` -
  (Required)
  Required. User-specified Service Account (SA) credentials to be used when actuating resources.

* `terraform_blueprint` -
  (Required)
  A bundle of HCL files in a GCS bucket or Git repo.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_terraform_blueprint).

* `location` -
  (Required)
  The location for the resource


* `labels` -
  (Optional)
  Optional. User-defined metadata for the deployment.
  **Note**: This field is non-authoritative, and will only manage the labels present in your configuration.
  Please refer to the field `effective_labels` for all of the labels present on the resource.

* `annotations` -
  (Optional)
  Optional. Arbitrary key-value metadata storage.
  **Note**: This field is non-authoritative, and will only manage the annotations present in your configuration.
  Please refer to the field `effective_annotations` for all of the annotations present on the resource.

* `tf_version_constraint` -
  (Optional)
  Optional constraint on the Terraform version.

* `artifacts_gcs_bucket` -
  (Optional)
  Location for Cloud Build logs and artifacts.

* `worker_pool` -
  (Optional)
  Custom Cloud Build worker pool resource name.

* `import_existing_resources` -
  (Optional)
  If true, attempts to automatically import resources on 409 conflict.

* `quota_validation` -
  (Optional)
  Controls quota checks.
  Possible values are: `ENABLED`, `ENFORCED`.

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.

* `deletion_policy` - (Optional) Whether Terraform will be prevented from destroying the resource. Defaults to DELETE.
	When a 'terraform destroy' or 'terraform apply' would delete the resource,
	the command will fail if this field is set to "PREVENT" in Terraform state.
	When set to "ABANDON", the command will remove the resource from Terraform
	management without updating or deleting the resource in the API.
	When set to "DELETE", deleting the resource is allowed.
* `force_destroy` - (Optional) If true, deletes the deployment and its nested resources.


<a name="nested_terraform_blueprint"></a>The `terraform_blueprint` block supports:

* `gcs_source` -
  (Optional)
  URI of a GCS object containing the zipped Terraform blueprint.

* `git_source` -
  (Optional)
  Public Git repository containing the blueprint.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_terraform_blueprint_git_source).

* `input_values` -
  (Optional)
  Input variables for the Terraform blueprint.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_terraform_blueprint_input_values).


<a name="nested_terraform_blueprint_git_source"></a>The `git_source` block supports:

* `repo` -
  (Required)
  Repository URL.

* `directory` -
  (Optional)
  Subdirectory within the repo.

* `ref` -
  (Optional)
  Git reference (branch or tag).

<a name="nested_terraform_blueprint_input_values"></a>The `input_values` block supports:

* `variable_name` - (Required) The identifier for this object. Format specified above.

* `input_value` -
  (Required)
  The value of the variable.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `projects/{{project}}/locations/{{location}}/deployments/{{name}}`

* `state` -
  Output only. Current state of the deployment.

* `latest_revision` -
  Output only. Revision name most recently applied.

* `terraform_labels` -
  The combination of labels configured directly on the resource
   and default labels configured on the provider.

* `effective_labels` -
  All of labels (key/value pairs) present on the resource in GCP, including the labels configured through Terraform, other clients and services.

* `effective_annotations` -
  All of annotations (key/value pairs) present on the resource in GCP, including the annotations configured through Terraform, other clients and services.


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


Deployment can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

* `projects/{{project}}/locations/{{location}}/deployments/{{name}}`
* `{{project}}/{{location}}/{{name}}`
* `{{location}}/{{name}}`

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, use an [`identity` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/identities) to import Deployment using identity values. For example:

```tf
import {
  identity = {
    name = "<-required value->"
    location = "<-required value->"
    project = "<-optional value->"
  }
  to = google_config_deployment.default
}
```

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import Deployment using one of the formats above. For example:

```tf
import {
  id = "projects/{{project}}/locations/{{location}}/deployments/{{name}}"
  to = google_config_deployment.default
}
```

When using the [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import), Deployment can be imported using one of the formats above. For example:

```
$ terraform import google_config_deployment.default projects/{{project}}/locations/{{location}}/deployments/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_config_deployment.default {{project}}/{{location}}/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_config_deployment.default {{location}}/{{name}}
```

## User Project Overrides

This resource supports [User Project Overrides](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/provider_reference#user_project_override).
