---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "google"
page_title: "Google: google_container_analysis_note"
sidebar_current: "docs-google-container-analysis-note"
description: |-
  Provides a detailed description of a Note.
---

# google\_container\_analysis\_note

Provides a detailed description of a Note.

~> **Warning:** This resource is in beta, and should be used with the terraform-provider-google-beta provider.
See [Provider Versions](https://terraform.io/docs/providers/google/provider_versions.html) for more details on beta resources.

To get more information about Note, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/container-analysis/api/reference/rest/)
* How-to Guides
    * [Official Documentation](https://cloud.google.com/container-analysis/)

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "google_container_analysis_note" "note" {
  name = "test-attestor-note"
  attestation_authority {
    hint {
      human_readable_name = "Attestor Note"
    }
  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `name` -
  (Required)
  The name of the note.

* `attestation_authority` -
  (Required)
  Note kind that represents a logical attestation "role" or "authority".
  For example, an organization might have one AttestationAuthority for
  "QA" and one for "build". This Note is intended to act strictly as a
  grouping mechanism for the attached Occurrences (Attestations). This
  grouping mechanism also provides a security boundary, since IAM ACLs
  gate the ability for a principle to attach an Occurrence to a given
  Note. It also provides a single point of lookup to find all attached
  Attestation Occurrences, even if they don't all live in the same
  project.  Structure is documented below.


The `attestation_authority` block supports:

* `hint` -
  (Required)
  This submessage provides human-readable hints about the purpose of
  the AttestationAuthority. Because the name of a Note acts as its
  resource reference, it is important to disambiguate the canonical
  name of the Note (which might be a UUID for security purposes)
  from "readable" names more suitable for debug output. Note that
  these hints should NOT be used to look up AttestationAuthorities
  in security sensitive contexts, such as when looking up
  Attestations to verify.  Structure is documented below.


The `hint` block supports:

* `human_readable_name` -
  (Required)
  The human readable name of this Attestation Authority, for
  example "qa".

- - -

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.




## Import

Note can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

```
$ terraform import google_container_analysis_note.default projects/{{project}}/notes/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_container_analysis_note.default {{project}}/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_container_analysis_note.default {{name}}
```
