---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: Handwritten     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This code is generated by Magic Modules using the following:
#
#     Source file: https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/magic-modules/tree/main/mmv1/third_party/terraform/website/docs/r/dataplex_lake.html.markdown
#
#     DO NOT EDIT this file directly. Any changes made to this file will be
#     overwritten during the next generation cycle.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Dataplex"
description: |-
  The Dataplex Lake resource
---

# google_dataplex_lake

The Dataplex Lake resource

## Example Usage - basic_lake
A basic example of a dataplex lake
```hcl
resource "google_dataplex_lake" "primary" {
  location     = "us-west1"
  name         = "lake"
  description  = "Lake for DCL"
  display_name = "Lake for DCL"
  project      = "my-project-name"

  labels = {
    my-lake = "exists"
  }
}


```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `location` -
  (Required)
  The location for the resource
  
* `name` -
  (Required)
  The name of the lake.
  


- - -

* `description` -
  (Optional)
  Optional. Description of the lake.
  
* `display_name` -
  (Optional)
  Optional. User friendly display name.
  
* `labels` -
  (Optional)
  Optional. User-defined labels for the lake.

**Note**: This field is non-authoritative, and will only manage the labels present in your configuration.
Please refer to the field `effective_labels` for all of the labels present on the resource.
  
* `metastore` -
  (Optional)
  Optional. Settings to manage lake and Dataproc Metastore service instance association.
  
* `project` -
  (Optional)
  The project for the resource

* `deletion_policy` - (Optional) Whether Terraform will be prevented from destroying the resource. Defaults to "DELETE".
    When a 'terraform destroy' or 'terraform apply' would delete the resource,
    the command will fail if this field is set to "PREVENT" in Terraform state.
    When set to "ABANDON", the command will remove the resource from Terraform
    management without updating or deleting the resource in the API.
    When set to "DELETE", deleting the resource is allowed.
  


The `metastore` block supports:
    
* `service` -
  (Optional)
  Optional. A relative reference to the Dataproc Metastore (https://cloud.google.com/dataproc-metastore/docs) service associated with the lake: `projects/{project_id}/locations/{location_id}/services/{service_id}`
    
## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `projects/{{project}}/locations/{{location}}/lakes/{{name}}`

* `asset_status` -
  Output only. Aggregated status of the underlying assets of the lake.
  
* `create_time` -
  Output only. The time when the lake was created.
  
* `effective_labels` -
  All of labels (key/value pairs) present on the resource in GCP, including the labels configured through Terraform, other clients and services.
  
* `metastore_status` -
  Output only. Metastore status of the lake.
  
* `service_account` -
  Output only. Service account associated with this lake. This service account must be authorized to access or operate on resources managed by the lake.
  
* `state` -
  Output only. Current state of the lake. Possible values: STATE_UNSPECIFIED, ACTIVE, CREATING, DELETING, ACTION_REQUIRED
  
* `terraform_labels` -
  The combination of labels configured directly on the resource and default labels configured on the provider.
  
* `uid` -
  Output only. System generated globally unique ID for the lake. This ID will be different if the lake is deleted and re-created with the same name.
  
* `update_time` -
  Output only. The time when the lake was last updated.
  
## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import

Lake can be imported using any of these accepted formats:
* `projects/{{project}}/locations/{{location}}/lakes/{{name}}`
* `{{project}}/{{location}}/{{name}}`
* `{{location}}/{{name}}`

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import Lake using one of the formats above. For example:


```tf
import {
  id = "projects/{{project}}/locations/{{location}}/lakes/{{name}}"
  to = google_dataplex_lake.default
}
```

When using the [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import), Lake can be imported using one of the formats above. For example:

```
$ terraform import google_dataplex_lake.default projects/{{project}}/locations/{{location}}/lakes/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_dataplex_lake.default {{project}}/{{location}}/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_dataplex_lake.default {{location}}/{{name}}
```



