---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: Handwritten     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This code is generated by Magic Modules using the following:
#
#     Source file: https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/magic-modules/tree/main/mmv1/third_party/terraform/website/docs/r/endpoints_service.html.markdown
#
#     DO NOT EDIT this file directly. Any changes made to this file will be
#     overwritten during the next generation cycle.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Cloud Endpoints"
description: |-
  Creates and rolls out a Google Endpoints service.
---

# google_endpoints_service

This resource creates and rolls out a Cloud Endpoints service using OpenAPI or gRPC.  View the relevant docs for [OpenAPI](https://cloud.google.com/endpoints/docs/openapi/) and [gRPC](https://cloud.google.com/endpoints/docs/grpc/).

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "google_endpoints_service" "openapi_service" {
  service_name   = "api-name.endpoints.project-id.cloud.goog"
  project        = "project-id"
  openapi_config = file("openapi_spec.yml")
}

resource "google_endpoints_service" "grpc_service" {
  service_name         = "api-name.endpoints.project-id.cloud.goog"
  project              = "project-id"
  grpc_config          = file("service_spec.yml")
  protoc_output_base64 = filebase64("compiled_descriptor_file.pb")
}
```

The example in `examples/endpoints_on_compute_engine` shows the API from the quickstart running on a Compute Engine VM and reachable through Cloud Endpoints, which may also be useful.

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `service_name`: (Required) The name of the service.  Usually of the form `$apiname.endpoints.$projectid.cloud.goog`.

- - -

* `openapi_config`: (Optional) The full text of the OpenAPI YAML configuration as described [here](https://github.com/OAI/OpenAPI-Specification/blob/main/versions/2.0.md).
Either this, or *both* of `grpc_config` and `protoc_output_base64` must be specified.

* `grpc_config`: (Optional) The full text of the Service Config YAML file (Example located [here](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/python-docs-samples/blob/main/endpoints/bookstore-grpc/api_config.yaml)).
 If provided, must also provide `protoc_output_base64`.  `open_api` config must *not* be provided.
 
* `protoc_output_base64`: (Optional) The full contents of the Service Descriptor File generated by protoc.  This should be a compiled .pb file, base64-encoded.

* `project`: (Optional) The project ID that the service belongs to.  If not provided, provider project is used.

## Attributes Reference
In addition to the arguments, the following attributes are available:

* `config_id`: The autogenerated ID for the configuration that is rolled out as part of the creation of this resource.  Must be provided to compute engine instances as a tag.

* `dns_address`: The address at which the service can be found - usually the same as the service name.

* `apis`: A list of API objects; structure is documented below.

* `endpoints`: A list of Endpoint objects; structure is documented below.

- - -
### API Object Structure

* `name`: The FQDN of the API as described in the provided config.
* `syntax`: `SYNTAX_PROTO2` or `SYNTAX_PROTO3`.
* `version`: A version string for this api. If specified, will have the form major-version.minor-version, e.g. `1.10`.
* `methods`: A list of Method objects; structure is documented below.

### Method Object Structure
* `name`: The simple name of this method as described in the provided config.
* `syntax`: `SYNTAX_PROTO2` or `SYNTAX_PROTO3`.
* `request_type`: The type URL for the request to this API.
* `response_type`: The type URL for the response from this API.

### Endpoint Object Structure
* `name`: The simple name of the endpoint as described in the config.
* `address`: The FQDN of the endpoint as described in the config.

## Import

This resource does not support import.

## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options: configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 10 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 10 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 10 minutes.
