---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Firestore"
page_title: "Google: google_firestore_index"
description: |-
  Cloud Firestore indexes enable simple and complex queries against documents in a database.
---

# google\_firestore\_index

Cloud Firestore indexes enable simple and complex queries against documents in a database.
 This resource manages composite indexes and not single
field indexes.


To get more information about Index, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/firestore/docs/reference/rest/v1/projects.databases.collectionGroups.indexes)
* How-to Guides
    * [Official Documentation](https://cloud.google.com/firestore/docs/query-data/indexing)

~> **Warning:** This resource creates a Firestore Index on a project that already has
Firestore enabled. If you haven't already enabled it, you can create a
`google_app_engine_application` resource with `database_type` set to
`"CLOUD_FIRESTORE"` to do so. Your Firestore location will be the same as
the App Engine location specified.

## Example Usage - Firestore Index Basic


```hcl
resource "google_firestore_index" "my-index" {
  project = "my-project-name"

  collection = "chatrooms"

  fields {
    field_path = "name"
    order      = "ASCENDING"
  }

  fields {
    field_path = "description"
    order      = "DESCENDING"
  }

}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `collection` -
  (Required)
  The collection being indexed.

* `fields` -
  (Required)
  The fields supported by this index. The last field entry is always for
  the field path `__name__`. If, on creation, `__name__` was not
  specified as the last field, it will be added automatically with the
  same direction as that of the last field defined. If the final field
  in a composite index is not directional, the `__name__` will be
  ordered `"ASCENDING"` (unless explicitly specified otherwise).
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_fields).


<a name="nested_fields"></a>The `fields` block supports:

* `field_path` -
  (Optional)
  Name of the field.

* `order` -
  (Optional)
  Indicates that this field supports ordering by the specified order or comparing using =, <, <=, >, >=.
  Only one of `order` and `arrayConfig` can be specified.
  Possible values are `ASCENDING` and `DESCENDING`.

* `array_config` -
  (Optional)
  Indicates that this field supports operations on arrayValues. Only one of `order` and `arrayConfig` can
  be specified.
  Possible values are `CONTAINS`.

- - -


* `database` -
  (Optional)
  The Firestore database id. Defaults to `"(default)"`.

* `query_scope` -
  (Optional)
  The scope at which a query is run.
  Default value is `COLLECTION`.
  Possible values are `COLLECTION` and `COLLECTION_GROUP`.

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.


## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `{{name}}`

* `name` -
  A server defined name for this index. Format:
  `projects/{{project}}/databases/{{database}}/collectionGroups/{{collection}}/indexes/{{server_generated_id}}`


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](/docs/configuration/resources.html#timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


Index can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

```
$ terraform import google_firestore_index.default {{name}}
```

## User Project Overrides

This resource supports [User Project Overrides](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/provider_reference#user_project_override).
