---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This code is generated by Magic Modules using the following:
#
#     Configuration: https:#github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/magic-modules/tree/main/mmv1/products/firebaseappcheck/ResourcePolicy.yaml
#     Template:      https:#github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/magic-modules/tree/main/mmv1/templates/terraform/resource.html.markdown.tmpl
#
#     DO NOT EDIT this file directly. Any changes made to this file will be
#     overwritten during the next generation cycle.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Firebase App Check"
description: |-
  App Check enforcement policy for a specific resource of a Google service supported by App Check.
---

# google_firebase_app_check_resource_policy

App Check enforcement policy for a specific resource of a Google service supported by App Check. Note that this policy will override the service-level configuration.


To get more information about ResourcePolicy, see:

* [API documentation](https://firebase.google.com/docs/reference/appcheck/rest/v1/projects.services.resourcePolicies)
* How-to Guides
    * [Official Documentation](https://firebase.google.com/docs/app-check)

## Example Usage - Firebase App Check Resource Policy Oauth2 Basic


```hcl
resource "google_project_service" "firebaseappcheck" {
  project = "my-project-name"
  service = "firebaseappcheck.googleapis.com"
}

resource "google_firebase_app_check_resource_policy" "default" {
  project = "my-project-name"
  service_id = "oauth2.googleapis.com"
  target_resource = "//oauth2.googleapis.com/projects/my-project-name/oauthClients/example-client-id"
  enforcement_mode = "UNENFORCED"

  depends_on = [google_project_service.firebaseappcheck]
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `target_resource` -
  (Required)
  Service specific name of the resource object to which this policy applies, in the format:
  * iOS OAuth clients (Google Identity for iOS):
    `//oauth2.googleapis.com/projects/{project_number}/oauthClients/{oauthClientId}`

* `service_id` -
  (Required)
  The identifier of the service to configure a Resource Policy for.
  Currently, the following service IDs are supported:
  * `oauth2.googleapis.com` (Google Identity for iOS)


* `enforcement_mode` -
  (Optional)
  The App Check enforcement mode for a service supported by App Check. This will override the EnforcementMode setting on the service.
  Valid values are:
  (Unset)
  Firebase App Check is not enforced for the service, nor are App Check metrics collected.
  Though the service is not protected by App Check in this mode, other applicable protections,
  such as user authorization, are still enforced. An unconfigured service is in this mode by default.
  This is equivalent to OFF in the REST API. Deleting the Terraform resource will also switch the
  enforcement to OFF for this service.
  UNENFORCED
  Firebase App Check is not enforced for the service. App Check metrics are collected to help you
  decide when to turn on enforcement for the service. Though the service is not protected by App Check
  in this mode, other applicable protections, such as user authorization, are still enforced.
  ENFORCED
  Firebase App Check is enforced for the service. The service will reject any request that attempts to
  access your project's resources if it does not have valid App Check token attached, with some exceptions
  depending on the service; for example, some services will still allow requests bearing the developer's
  privileged service account credentials without an App Check token. App Check metrics continue to be
  collected to help you detect issues with your App Check integration and monitor the composition of your
  callers. While the service is protected by App Check, other applicable protections, such as user
  authorization, continue to be enforced at the same time.
  Use caution when choosing to enforce App Check on a Firebase service. If your users have not updated
  to an App Check capable version of your app, their apps will no longer be able to use your Firebase
  services that are enforcing App Check. App Check metrics can help you decide whether to enforce App
  Check on your Firebase services.
  If your app has not launched yet, you should enable enforcement immediately, since there are no outdated
  clients in use.
  Possible values are: `UNENFORCED`, `ENFORCED`.

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.



## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `projects/{{project}}/services/{{service_id}}/resourcePolicies/{{resource_policy_id}}`

* `resource_policy_id` -
  The server-generated UID for the Resource Policy.

* `etag` -
  This checksum is computed by the server based on the value of other fields, and may be sent on update and delete requests to ensure the client has an up-to-date value before proceeding.

* `update_time` -
  Output only. Timestamp when this resource policy configuration object was most recently updated.


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


ResourcePolicy can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

* `projects/{{project}}/services/{{service_id}}/resourcePolicies/{{resource_policy_id}}`
* `{{project}}/{{service_id}}/{{resource_policy_id}}`
* `{{service_id}}/{{resource_policy_id}}`

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, use an [`identity` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/identities) to import ResourcePolicy using identity values. For example:

```tf
import {
  identity = {
    resourcePolicyId = "<-optional value->"
    service_id = "<-required value->"
    project = "<-optional value->"
  }
  to = google_firebase_app_check_resource_policy.default
}
```

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import ResourcePolicy using one of the formats above. For example:

```tf
import {
  id = "projects/{{project}}/services/{{service_id}}/resourcePolicies/{{resource_policy_id}}"
  to = google_firebase_app_check_resource_policy.default
}
```

When using the [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import), ResourcePolicy can be imported using one of the formats above. For example:

```
$ terraform import google_firebase_app_check_resource_policy.default projects/{{project}}/services/{{service_id}}/resourcePolicies/{{resource_policy_id}}
$ terraform import google_firebase_app_check_resource_policy.default {{project}}/{{service_id}}/{{resource_policy_id}}
$ terraform import google_firebase_app_check_resource_policy.default {{service_id}}/{{resource_policy_id}}
```

## User Project Overrides

This resource supports [User Project Overrides](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/provider_reference#user_project_override).
