---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "GKEHub"
description: |-
  Feature represents the settings and status of any Hub Feature.
---

# google\_gke\_hub\_feature

Feature represents the settings and status of any Hub Feature.


To get more information about Feature, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/anthos/fleet-management/docs/reference/rest/v1/projects.locations.features)
* How-to Guides
    * [Registering a Cluster](https://cloud.google.com/anthos/multicluster-management/connect/registering-a-cluster#register_cluster)

## Example Usage - Gkehub Feature Multi Cluster Ingress


```hcl
resource "google_container_cluster" "cluster" {
  name               = "my-cluster"
  location           = "us-central1-a"
  initial_node_count = 1
}

resource "google_gke_hub_membership" "membership" {
  membership_id = "my-membership"
  endpoint {
    gke_cluster {
      resource_link = "//container.googleapis.com/${google_container_cluster.cluster.id}"
    }
  }
  description = "Membership"
}

resource "google_gke_hub_feature" "feature" {
  name = "multiclusteringress"
  location = "global"
  spec {
    multiclusteringress {
      config_membership = google_gke_hub_membership.membership.id
    }
  }
}
```
## Example Usage - Gkehub Feature Multi Cluster Service Discovery


```hcl
resource "google_gke_hub_feature" "feature" {
  name = "multiclusterservicediscovery"
  location = "global"
  labels = {
    foo = "bar"
  }
}
```
## Example Usage - Gkehub Feature Anthos Service Mesh


```hcl
resource "google_gke_hub_feature" "feature" {
  name = "servicemesh"
  location = "global"
}
```
## Example Usage - Enable Fleet Observability For Default Logs With Copy


```hcl
resource "google_gke_hub_feature" "feature" {
  name = "fleetobservability"
  location = "global"
  spec {
    fleetobservability {
      logging_config {
        default_config {
          mode = "COPY"
        }
      }
    }
  }
}
```
## Example Usage - Enable Fleet Observability For Scope Logs With Move


```hcl
resource "google_gke_hub_feature" "feature" {
  name = "fleetobservability"
  location = "global"
  spec {
    fleetobservability {
      logging_config {
        fleet_scope_logs_config {
          mode = "MOVE"
        }
      }
    }
  }
}
```
## Example Usage - Enable Fleet Observability For Both Default And Scope Logs


```hcl
resource "google_gke_hub_feature" "feature" {
  name = "fleetobservability"
  location = "global"
  spec {
    fleetobservability {
      logging_config {
        default_config {
          mode = "COPY"
        }
        fleet_scope_logs_config {
          mode = "MOVE"
        }
      }
    }
  }
}
```
## Example Usage - Enable Fleet Default Member Config Service Mesh


```hcl
resource "google_gke_hub_feature" "feature" {
  name = "servicemesh"
  location = "global"
  fleetDefaultMemberConfig {
    mesh {
      management = "MANAGEMENT_AUTOMATIC"
    }
  }
}
```
## Example Usage - Enable Fleet Default Member Config Configmanagement


```hcl
resource "google_gke_hub_feature" "feature" {
  name = "configmanagement"
  location = "global"
  fleetDefaultMemberConfig {
    configmanagement {
      config_sync {
        git {
          sync_repo = "https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform"
        }
      }
    }
  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `location` -
  (Required)
  The location for the resource


- - -


* `name` -
  (Optional)
  The full, unique name of this Feature resource

* `labels` -
  (Optional)
  GCP labels for this Feature.
  **Note**: This field is non-authoritative, and will only manage the labels present in your configuration.
  Please refer to the field `effective_labels` for all of the labels present on the resource.

* `spec` -
  (Optional)
  Optional. Hub-wide Feature configuration. If this Feature does not support any Hub-wide configuration, this field may be unused.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_spec).

* `fleet_default_member_config` -
  (Optional)
  Optional. Fleet Default Membership Configuration.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_fleet_default_member_config).

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.


<a name="nested_spec"></a>The `spec` block supports:

* `multiclusteringress` -
  (Optional)
  Multicluster Ingress-specific spec.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_multiclusteringress).

* `fleetobservability` -
  (Optional)
  Fleet Observability feature spec.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_fleetobservability).


<a name="nested_multiclusteringress"></a>The `multiclusteringress` block supports:

* `config_membership` -
  (Required)
  Fully-qualified Membership name which hosts the MultiClusterIngress CRD. Example: `projects/foo-proj/locations/global/memberships/bar`

<a name="nested_fleetobservability"></a>The `fleetobservability` block supports:

* `logging_config` -
  (Optional)
  Specified if fleet logging feature is enabled for the entire fleet. If UNSPECIFIED, fleet logging feature is disabled for the entire fleet.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_logging_config).


<a name="nested_logging_config"></a>The `logging_config` block supports:

* `default_config` -
  (Optional)
  Specified if applying the default routing config to logs not specified in other configs.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_default_config).

* `fleet_scope_logs_config` -
  (Optional)
  Specified if applying the routing config to all logs for all fleet scopes.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_fleet_scope_logs_config).


<a name="nested_default_config"></a>The `default_config` block supports:

* `mode` -
  (Optional)
  Specified if fleet logging feature is enabled.
  Possible values are: `MODE_UNSPECIFIED`, `COPY`, `MOVE`.

<a name="nested_fleet_scope_logs_config"></a>The `fleet_scope_logs_config` block supports:

* `mode` -
  (Optional)
  Specified if fleet logging feature is enabled.
  Possible values are: `MODE_UNSPECIFIED`, `COPY`, `MOVE`.

<a name="nested_fleet_default_member_config"></a>The `fleet_default_member_config` block supports:

* `mesh` -
  (Optional)
  Service Mesh spec
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_mesh).

* `configmanagement` -
  (Optional)
  Config Management spec
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_configmanagement).


<a name="nested_mesh"></a>The `mesh` block supports:

* `management` -
  (Required)
  Whether to automatically manage Service Mesh
  Possible values are: `MANAGEMENT_UNSPECIFIED`, `MANAGEMENT_AUTOMATIC`, `MANAGEMENT_MANUAL`.

<a name="nested_configmanagement"></a>The `configmanagement` block supports:

* `config_sync` -
  (Optional)
  ConfigSync configuration for the cluster
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_config_sync).


<a name="nested_config_sync"></a>The `config_sync` block supports:

* `source_format` -
  (Optional)
  Specifies whether the Config Sync Repo is in hierarchical or unstructured mode

* `git` -
  (Optional)
  Git repo configuration for the cluster
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_git).

* `oci` -
  (Optional)
  OCI repo configuration for the cluster
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_oci).


<a name="nested_git"></a>The `git` block supports:

* `sync_repo` -
  (Optional)
  The URL of the Git repository to use as the source of truth

* `sync_branch` -
  (Optional)
  The branch of the repository to sync from. Default: master

* `policy_dir` -
  (Optional)
  The path within the Git repository that represents the top level of the repo to sync

* `sync_rev` -
  (Optional)
  Git revision (tag or hash) to check out. Default HEAD

* `secret_type` -
  (Required)
  Type of secret configured for access to the Git repo

* `https_proxy` -
  (Optional)
  URL for the HTTPS Proxy to be used when communicating with the Git repo

* `gcp_service_account_email` -
  (Optional)
  The Google Cloud Service Account Email used for auth when secretType is gcpServiceAccount

* `sync_wait_secs` -
  (Optional)
  Period in seconds between consecutive syncs. Default: 15

<a name="nested_oci"></a>The `oci` block supports:

* `sync_repo` -
  (Optional)
  The OCI image repository URL for the package to sync from

* `policy_dir` -
  (Optional)
  The absolute path of the directory that contains the local resources. Default: the root directory of the image

* `secret_type` -
  (Required)
  Type of secret configured for access to the Git repo

* `gcp_service_account_email` -
  (Optional)
  The Google Cloud Service Account Email used for auth when secretType is gcpServiceAccount

* `sync_wait_secs` -
  (Optional)
  Period in seconds between consecutive syncs. Default: 15

* `version` -
  (Optional)
  Version of ACM installed

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `projects/{{project}}/locations/{{location}}/features/{{name}}`

* `resource_state` -
  State of the Feature resource itself.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_resource_state).

* `state` -
  Output only. The Hub-wide Feature state
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_state).

* `create_time` -
  Output only. When the Feature resource was created.

* `update_time` -
  Output only. When the Feature resource was last updated.

* `delete_time` -
  Output only. When the Feature resource was deleted.

* `terraform_labels` -
  The combination of labels configured directly on the resource
   and default labels configured on the provider.

* `effective_labels` -
  All of labels (key/value pairs) present on the resource in GCP, including the labels configured through Terraform, other clients and services.


<a name="nested_resource_state"></a>The `resource_state` block contains:

* `state` -
  (Output)
  The current state of the Feature resource in the Hub API.

* `has_resources` -
  (Output)
  Whether this Feature has outstanding resources that need to be cleaned up before it can be disabled.

<a name="nested_state"></a>The `state` block contains:

* `state` -
  (Output)
  Output only. The "running state" of the Feature in this Hub.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_state).


<a name="nested_state"></a>The `state` block contains:

* `code` -
  (Output)
  The high-level, machine-readable status of this Feature.

* `description` -
  (Output)
  A human-readable description of the current status.

* `update_time` -
  (Output)
  The time this status and any related Feature-specific details were updated. A timestamp in RFC3339 UTC "Zulu" format, with nanosecond resolution and up to nine fractional digits. Examples: "2014-10-02T15:01:23Z" and "2014-10-02T15:01:23.045123456Z"

## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


Feature can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

* `projects/{{project}}/locations/{{location}}/features/{{name}}`
* `{{project}}/{{location}}/{{name}}`
* `{{location}}/{{name}}`


In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import Feature using one of the formats above. For example:

```tf
import {
  id = "projects/{{project}}/locations/{{location}}/features/{{name}}"
  to = google_gke_hub_feature.default
}
```

When using the [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import), Feature can be imported using one of the formats above. For example:

```
$ terraform import google_gke_hub_feature.default projects/{{project}}/locations/{{location}}/features/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_gke_hub_feature.default {{project}}/{{location}}/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_gke_hub_feature.default {{location}}/{{name}}
```

## User Project Overrides

This resource supports [User Project Overrides](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/provider_reference#user_project_override).
