---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "GKEHub"
description: |-
  Fleet contains information about a group of clusters.
---

# google_gke_hub_fleet

Fleet contains information about a group of clusters.


To get more information about Fleet, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/anthos/multicluster-management/reference/rest/v1/projects.locations.fleets)
* How-to Guides
    * [Registering a Cluster to a Fleet](https://cloud.google.com/anthos/multicluster-management/connect/registering-a-cluster#register_cluster)

## Example Usage - Gkehub Fleet Basic


```hcl
resource "google_gke_hub_fleet" "default" {
  display_name = "my production fleet"
  default_cluster_config {
    security_posture_config {
      mode = "DISABLED"
      vulnerability_mode = "VULNERABILITY_DISABLED"
    }
  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:



- - -


* `display_name` -
  (Optional)
  A user-assigned display name of the Fleet. When present, it must be between 4 to 30 characters.
  Allowed characters are: lowercase and uppercase letters, numbers, hyphen, single-quote, double-quote, space, and exclamation point.

* `default_cluster_config` -
  (Optional)
  The default cluster configurations to apply across the fleet.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_default_cluster_config).

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.


<a name="nested_default_cluster_config"></a>The `default_cluster_config` block supports:

* `binary_authorization_config` -
  (Optional)
  Enable/Disable binary authorization features for the cluster.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_binary_authorization_config).

* `security_posture_config` -
  (Optional)
  Enable/Disable Security Posture features for the cluster.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_security_posture_config).


<a name="nested_binary_authorization_config"></a>The `binary_authorization_config` block supports:

* `evaluation_mode` -
  (Optional)
  Mode of operation for binauthz policy evaluation.
  Possible values are: `DISABLED`, `POLICY_BINDINGS`.

* `policy_bindings` -
  (Optional)
  Binauthz policies that apply to this cluster.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_policy_bindings).


<a name="nested_policy_bindings"></a>The `policy_bindings` block supports:

* `name` -
  (Optional)
  The relative resource name of the binauthz platform policy to audit. GKE
  platform policies have the following format:
  `projects/{project_number}/platforms/gke/policies/{policy_id}`.

<a name="nested_security_posture_config"></a>The `security_posture_config` block supports:

* `mode` -
  (Optional)
  Sets which mode to use for Security Posture features.
  Possible values are: `DISABLED`, `BASIC`.

* `vulnerability_mode` -
  (Optional)
  Sets which mode to use for vulnerability scanning.
  Possible values are: `VULNERABILITY_DISABLED`, `VULNERABILITY_BASIC`, `VULNERABILITY_ENTERPRISE`.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `projects/{{project}}/locations/global/fleets/default`

* `create_time` -
  The time the fleet was created, in RFC3339 text format.

* `update_time` -
  The time the fleet was last updated, in RFC3339 text format.

* `delete_time` -
  The time the fleet was deleted, in RFC3339 text format.

* `uid` -
  Google-generated UUID for this resource. This is unique across all
  Fleet resources. If a Fleet resource is deleted and another
  resource with the same name is created, it gets a different uid.

* `state` -
  The state of the fleet resource.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_state).


<a name="nested_state"></a>The `state` block contains:

* `code` -
  (Output)
  Describes the state of a Fleet resource.

## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


Fleet can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

* `projects/{{project}}/locations/global/fleets/default`
* `{{project}}`


In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import Fleet using one of the formats above. For example:

```tf
import {
  id = "projects/{{project}}/locations/global/fleets/default"
  to = google_gke_hub_fleet.default
}
```

When using the [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import), Fleet can be imported using one of the formats above. For example:

```
$ terraform import google_gke_hub_fleet.default projects/{{project}}/locations/global/fleets/default
$ terraform import google_gke_hub_fleet.default {{project}}
```

## User Project Overrides

This resource supports [User Project Overrides](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/provider_reference#user_project_override).
