---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This code is generated by Magic Modules using the following:
#
#     Configuration: https:#github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/magic-modules/tree/main/mmv1/products/gkehub2/RolloutSequence.yaml
#     Template:      https:#github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/magic-modules/tree/main/mmv1/templates/terraform/resource.html.markdown.tmpl
#
#     DO NOT EDIT this file directly. Any changes made to this file will be
#     overwritten during the next generation cycle.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "GKEHub"
description: |-
  RolloutSequence defines the desired order of upgrades.
---

# google_gke_hub_rollout_sequence

RolloutSequence defines the desired order of upgrades.

~> **Warning:** This resource is in beta, and should be used with the terraform-provider-google-beta provider.
See [Provider Versions](../guides/provider_versions.html.markdown) for more details on beta resources.

To get more information about RolloutSequence, see:

* [API documentation](https://docs.cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/fleet-management/docs/reference/rest/v1beta/projects.locations.rolloutSequences)
* How-to Guides
    * [Rollout Sequencing Overview](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/concepts/rollout-sequencing-custom-stages/about-rollout-sequencing)

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `stages` -
  (Required)
  Ordered list of stages that constitute this Rollout Sequence.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_stages).

* `rollout_sequence_id` -
  (Required)
  The user-provided identifier of the RolloutSequence.


* `display_name` -
  (Optional)
  Human readable display name of the Rollout Sequence.

* `labels` -
  (Optional)
  Labels for this Rollout Sequence.

  **Note**: This field is non-authoritative, and will only manage the labels present in your configuration.
  Please refer to the field `effective_labels` for all of the labels present on the resource.

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.



<a name="nested_stages"></a>The `stages` block supports:

* `fleet_projects` -
  (Required)
  List of Fleet projects to select the clusters from.
  Expected format: projects/{project}

* `cluster_selector` -
  (Optional)
  Filter to select a subset of clusters from the specified Fleet projects.
  If not specified, all clusters in the fleet projects are selected.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_stages_cluster_selector).

* `soak_duration` -
  (Optional)
  Soak time after upgrading all the clusters in the stage, specified in seconds.


<a name="nested_stages_cluster_selector"></a>The `cluster_selector` block supports:

* `label_selector` -
  (Required)
  The label selector must be a valid CEL (Common Expression Language) expression which
  evaluates resource.labels.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `projects/{{project}}/locations/global/rolloutSequences/{{rollout_sequence_id}}`

* `name` -
  The full resource name of the RolloutSequence.

* `uid` -
  Google-generated UUID for this resource.

* `etag` -
  etag of the Rollout Sequence.

* `create_time` -
  The timestamp at which the Rollout Sequence was created.

* `update_time` -
  The timestamp at which the Rollout Sequence was last updated.

* `delete_time` -
  The timestamp at the Rollout Sequence was deleted.

* `terraform_labels` -
  The combination of labels configured directly on the resource
   and default labels configured on the provider.

* `effective_labels` -
  All of labels (key/value pairs) present on the resource in GCP, including the labels configured through Terraform, other clients and services.


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


RolloutSequence can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

* `projects/{{project}}/locations/global/rolloutSequences/{{rollout_sequence_id}}`
* `{{project}}/{{rollout_sequence_id}}`
* `{{rollout_sequence_id}}`


In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import RolloutSequence using one of the formats above. For example:

```tf
import {
  id = "projects/{{project}}/locations/global/rolloutSequences/{{rollout_sequence_id}}"
  to = google_gke_hub_rollout_sequence.default
}
```

When using the [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import), RolloutSequence can be imported using one of the formats above. For example:

```
$ terraform import google_gke_hub_rollout_sequence.default projects/{{project}}/locations/global/rolloutSequences/{{rollout_sequence_id}}
$ terraform import google_gke_hub_rollout_sequence.default {{project}}/{{rollout_sequence_id}}
$ terraform import google_gke_hub_rollout_sequence.default {{rollout_sequence_id}}
```

## User Project Overrides

This resource supports [User Project Overrides](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/provider_reference#user_project_override).
