---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This code is generated by Magic Modules using the following:
#
#     Configuration: https:#github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/magic-modules/tree/main/mmv1/products/gkebackup/BackupChannel.yaml
#     Template:      https:#github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/magic-modules/tree/main/mmv1/templates/terraform/resource.html.markdown.tmpl
#
#     DO NOT EDIT this file directly. Any changes made to this file will be
#     overwritten during the next generation cycle.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Backup for GKE"
description: |-
  A BackupChannel imposes constraints on where clusters can be backed up.
---

# google_gke_backup_backup_channel

A BackupChannel imposes constraints on where clusters can be backed up.
The BackupChannel should be in the same project and region
as the cluster being backed up.
The backup can be created only in destination_project.


To get more information about BackupChannel, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/add-on/backup-for-gke/reference/rest/v1/projects.locations.backupChannels)
* How-to Guides
    * [Official Documentation](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/add-on/backup-for-gke)

## Example Usage - Gkebackup Backupchannel Basic


```hcl
resource "google_gke_backup_backup_channel" "basic" {
  name = "basic-channel"
  location = "us-central1"
  description = "Description"
  destination_project = "projects/24240755850"
  labels = { "key": "some-value" }
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `name` -
  (Required)
  The full name of the BackupChannel Resource.

* `destination_project` -
  (Required)
  The project where Backups are allowed to be stored.
  The format is `projects/{project}`.
  {project} can be project number or project id.

* `location` -
  (Required)
  The region of the Backup Channel.


* `description` -
  (Optional)
  User specified descriptive string for this BackupChannel.

* `labels` -
  (Optional)
  Description: A set of custom labels supplied by the user.
  A list of key->value pairs.
  Example: { "name": "wrench", "mass": "1.3kg", "count": "3" }.

  **Note**: This field is non-authoritative, and will only manage the labels present in your configuration.
  Please refer to the field `effective_labels` for all of the labels present on the resource.

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.

* `deletion_policy` - (Optional) Whether Terraform will be prevented from destroying the resource. Defaults to DELETE.
	When a 'terraform destroy' or 'terraform apply' would delete the resource,
	the command will fail if this field is set to "PREVENT" in Terraform state.
	When set to "ABANDON", the command will remove the resource from Terraform
	management without updating or deleting the resource in the API.
	When set to "DELETE", deleting the resource is allowed.


## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `projects/{{project}}/locations/{{location}}/backupChannels/{{name}}`

* `uid` -
  Server generated, unique identifier of UUID format.

* `etag` -
  etag is used for optimistic concurrency control as a way to help prevent simultaneous
  updates of a backup channel from overwriting each other. It is strongly suggested that
  systems make use of the 'etag' in the read-modify-write cycle to perform BackupChannel updates
  in order to avoid race conditions: An etag is returned in the response to backupChannels.get,
  and systems are expected to put that etag in the request to backupChannels.patch or
  backupChannels.delete to ensure that their change will be applied to the same version of the resource.

* `destination_project_id` -
  The project_id where Backups are allowed to be stored.
  Example Project ID: "my-project-id".

* `terraform_labels` -
  The combination of labels configured directly on the resource
   and default labels configured on the provider.

* `effective_labels` -
  All of labels (key/value pairs) present on the resource in GCP, including the labels configured through Terraform, other clients and services.


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 5 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 5 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 5 minutes.

## Import


BackupChannel can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

* `projects/{{project}}/locations/{{location}}/backupChannels/{{name}}`
* `{{project}}/{{location}}/{{name}}`
* `{{location}}/{{name}}`


In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import BackupChannel using one of the formats above. For example:

```tf
import {
  id = "projects/{{project}}/locations/{{location}}/backupChannels/{{name}}"
  to = google_gke_backup_backup_channel.default
}
```

When using the [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import), BackupChannel can be imported using one of the formats above. For example:

```
$ terraform import google_gke_backup_backup_channel.default projects/{{project}}/locations/{{location}}/backupChannels/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_gke_backup_backup_channel.default {{project}}/{{location}}/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_gke_backup_backup_channel.default {{location}}/{{name}}
```

## User Project Overrides

This resource supports [User Project Overrides](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/provider_reference#user_project_override).
