---
layout: "google"
subcategory: "Cloud Healthcare"
page_title: "Google: google_healthcare_hl7_v2_store_iam"
sidebar_current: "docs-google-healthcare-hl7-v2-store-iam"
description: |-
 Collection of resources to manage IAM policy for a Google Cloud Healthcare HL7v2 store.
---

# IAM policy for Google Cloud Healthcare HL7v2 store

~> **Warning:** These resources are in beta, and should be used with the terraform-provider-google-beta provider.
See [Provider Versions](https://terraform.io/docs/providers/google/guides/provider_versions.html) for more details on beta resources.

Three different resources help you manage your IAM policy for Healthcare HL7v2 store. Each of these resources serves a different use case:

* `google_healthcare_hl7_v2_store_iam_policy`: Authoritative. Sets the IAM policy for the HL7v2 store and replaces any existing policy already attached.
* `google_healthcare_hl7_v2_store_iam_binding`: Authoritative for a given role. Updates the IAM policy to grant a role to a list of members. Other roles within the IAM policy for the HL7v2 store are preserved.
* `google_healthcare_hl7_v2_store_iam_member`: Non-authoritative. Updates the IAM policy to grant a role to a new member. Other members for the role for the HL7v2 store are preserved.

~> **Note:** `google_healthcare_hl7_v2_store_iam_policy` **cannot** be used in conjunction with `google_healthcare_hl7_v2_store_iam_binding` and `google_healthcare_hl7_v2_store_iam_member` or they will fight over what your policy should be.

~> **Note:** `google_healthcare_hl7_v2_store_iam_binding` resources **can be** used in conjunction with `google_healthcare_hl7_v2_store_iam_member` resources **only if** they do not grant privilege to the same role.

## google\_healthcare\_hl7\_v2\_store\_iam\_policy

```hcl
data "google_iam_policy" "admin" {
  binding {
    role = "roles/editor"

    members = [
      "user:jane@example.com",
    ]
  }
}

resource "google_healthcare_hl7_v2_store_iam_policy" "hl7_v2_store" {
  hl7_v2_store_id = "your-hl7-v2-store-id"
  policy_data     = data.google_iam_policy.admin.policy_data
}
```

## google\_healthcare\_hl7\_v2\_store\_iam\_binding

```hcl
resource "google_healthcare_hl7_v2_store_iam_binding" "hl7_v2_store" {
  hl7_v2_store_id = "your-hl7-v2-store-id"
  role            = "roles/editor"

  members = [
    "user:jane@example.com",
  ]
}

```

## google\_healthcare\_hl7\_v2\_store\_iam\_member

```hcl
resource "google_healthcare_hl7_v2_store_iam_member" "hl7_v2_store" {
  hl7_v2_store_id = "your-hl7-v2-store-id"
  role            = "roles/editor"
  member          = "user:jane@example.com"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `hl7_v2_store_id` - (Required) The HL7v2 store ID, in the form
    `{project_id}/{location_name}/{dataset_name}/{hl7_v2_store_name}` or
    `{location_name}/{dataset_name}/{hl7_v2_store_name}`. In the second form, the provider's
    project setting will be used as a fallback.

* `member/members` - (Required) Identities that will be granted the privilege in `role`.
  Each entry can have one of the following values:
  * **allUsers**: A special identifier that represents anyone who is on the internet; with or without a Google account.
  * **allAuthenticatedUsers**: A special identifier that represents anyone who is authenticated with a Google account or a service account.
  * **user:{emailid}**: An email address that represents a specific Google account. For example, alice@gmail.com or joe@example.com.
  * **serviceAccount:{emailid}**: An email address that represents a service account. For example, my-other-app@appspot.gserviceaccount.com.
  * **group:{emailid}**: An email address that represents a Google group. For example, admins@example.com.
  * **domain:{domain}**: A G Suite domain (primary, instead of alias) name that represents all the users of that domain. For example, google.com or example.com.

* `role` - (Required) The role that should be applied. Only one
    `google_healthcare_hl7_v2_store_iam_binding` can be used per role. Note that custom roles must be of the format
    `[projects|organizations]/{parent-name}/roles/{role-name}`.

* `policy_data` - (Required only by `google_healthcare_hl7_v2_store_iam_policy`) The policy data generated by
  a `google_iam_policy` data source.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are
exported:

* `etag` - (Computed) The etag of the HL7v2 store's IAM policy.

## Import

IAM member imports use space-delimited identifiers; the resource in question, the role, and the account.  This member resource can be imported using the `hl7_v2_store_id`, role, and account e.g.

```
$ terraform import google_healthcare_hl7_v2_store_iam_member.hl7_v2_store_iam "your-project-id/location-name/dataset-name/hl7-v2-store-name roles/viewer user:foo@example.com"
```

IAM binding imports use space-delimited identifiers; the resource in question and the role.  This binding resource can be imported using the `hl7_v2_store_id` and role, e.g.

```
$ terraform import google_healthcare_hl7_v2_store_iam_binding.hl7_v2_store_iam "your-project-id/location-name/dataset-name/hl7-v2-store-name roles/viewer"
```

IAM policy imports use the identifier of the resource in question.  This policy resource can be imported using the `hl7_v2_store_id`, role, and account e.g.

```
$ terraform import google_healthcare_hl7_v2_store_iam_policy.hl7_v2_store_iam your-project-id/location-name/dataset-name/hl7-v2-store-name
```
