---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Cloud IAM"
page_title: "Google: google_iam_workforce_pool"
description: |-
  Represents a collection of external workforces.
---

# google\_iam\_workforce\_pool

Represents a collection of external workforces. Provides namespaces for
federated users that can be referenced in IAM policies.


To get more information about WorkforcePool, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/reference/rest/v1/locations.workforcePools)
* How-to Guides
    * [Manage pools](https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/manage-workforce-identity-pools-providers#manage_pools)

~> **Note:** Ask your Google Cloud account team to request access to workforce identity federation for
your billing/quota project. The account team notifies you when the project is granted access.

## Example Usage - Iam Workforce Pool Basic


```hcl
resource "google_iam_workforce_pool" "example" {
  workforce_pool_id = "example-pool"
  parent            = "organizations/123456789"
  location          = "global"
}
```
## Example Usage - Iam Workforce Pool Full


```hcl
resource "google_iam_workforce_pool" "example" {
  workforce_pool_id = "example-pool"
  parent            = "organizations/123456789"
  location          = "global"
  display_name      = "Display name"
  description       = "A sample workforce pool."
  disabled          = false
  session_duration  = "7200s"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `location` -
  (Required)
  The location for the resource.

* `workforce_pool_id` -
  (Required)
  The name of the pool. The ID must be a globally unique string of 6 to 63 lowercase letters,
  digits, or hyphens. It must start with a letter, and cannot have a trailing hyphen.
  The prefix `gcp-` is reserved for use by Google, and may not be specified.

* `parent` -
  (Required)
  Immutable. The resource name of the parent. Format: `organizations/{org-id}`.


- - -


* `display_name` -
  (Optional)
  A user-specified display name of the pool in Google Cloud Console. Cannot exceed 32 characters.

* `description` -
  (Optional)
  A user-specified description of the pool. Cannot exceed 256 characters.

* `disabled` -
  (Optional)
  Whether the pool is disabled. You cannot use a disabled pool to exchange tokens,
  or use existing tokens to access resources. If the pool is re-enabled, existing tokens grant access again.

* `session_duration` -
  (Optional)
  Duration that the Google Cloud access tokens, console sign-in sessions,
  and `gcloud` sign-in sessions from this pool are valid.  
  Must be greater than 15 minutes (900s) and less than 12 hours (43200s).
  If `sessionDuration` is not configured, minted credentials have a default duration of one hour (3600s).
  A duration in seconds with up to nine fractional digits, ending with '`s`'. Example: "`3.5s`".


## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `locations/{{location}}/workforcePools/{{workforce_pool_id}}`

* `name` -
  Output only. The resource name of the pool.
  Format: `locations/{location}/workforcePools/{workforcePoolId}`

* `state` -
  Output only. The state of the pool.
   * STATE_UNSPECIFIED: State unspecified.
   * ACTIVE: The pool is active, and may be used in Google Cloud policies.
   * DELETED: The pool is soft-deleted. Soft-deleted pools are permanently deleted
     after approximately 30 days. You can restore a soft-deleted pool using
     [workforcePools.undelete](https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/reference/rest/v1/locations.workforcePools/undelete#google.iam.admin.v1.WorkforcePools.UndeleteWorkforcePool).
     You cannot reuse the ID of a soft-deleted pool until it is permanently deleted.
     While a pool is deleted, you cannot use it to exchange tokens, or use
     existing tokens to access resources. If the pool is undeleted, existing
     tokens grant access again.


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](/docs/configuration/resources.html#timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


WorkforcePool can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

```
$ terraform import google_iam_workforce_pool.default locations/{{location}}/workforcePools/{{workforce_pool_id}}
$ terraform import google_iam_workforce_pool.default {{location}}/{{workforce_pool_id}}
```
