---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This code is generated by Magic Modules using the following:
#
#     Configuration: https:#github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/magic-modules/tree/main/mmv1/products/iam3/FolderAccessPolicy.yaml
#     Template:      https:#github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/magic-modules/tree/main/mmv1/templates/terraform/resource.html.markdown.tmpl
#
#     DO NOT EDIT this file directly. Any changes made to this file will be
#     overwritten during the next generation cycle.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Cloud IAM"
description: |-
  Represents an IAM v3 Access Policy parented by a Folder.
---

# google_iam_folder_access_policy

Represents an IAM v3 Access Policy parented by a Folder. This policy defines rules
that allow or deny access to resources within the specified folder based on principals and conditions.
See the Cloud IAM documentation for more details on Access Policies.

~> **Warning:** This resource is in beta, and should be used with the terraform-provider-google-beta provider.
See [Provider Versions](../guides/provider_versions.html.markdown) for more details on beta resources.

To get more information about FolderAccessPolicy, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/reference/rest/v3beta/folders.locations.accessPolicies)

## Example Usage - Access Policy Folder Minimal


```hcl
resource "google_folder" "folder" {
  provider     = google-beta
  display_name = "ap-folder-"
  parent       = "organizations/123456789"
  deletion_protection = false
}
resource "google_project" "project" {
  provider        = google-beta
  project_id      = "ap-project-"
  name            = "ap-project-"
  folder_id       = google_folder.folder.folder_id
  billing_account = "000000-0000000-0000000-000000"
  deletion_policy = "DELETE"
  depends_on = [google_folder.folder]
}
resource "google_project_service" "iam_api" {
  provider = google-beta
  project  = google_project.project.project_id
  service  = "iam.googleapis.com"
  disable_on_destroy = false
  depends_on = [google_project.project]
}
resource "time_sleep" "wait_for_propagation" {
  create_duration = "30s"
  depends_on = [
    google_folder.folder,
    google_project_service.iam_api,
  ]
}
resource "google_service_account" "test_sa" {
  provider        = google-beta
  account_id   = "svc-acc-"
  display_name = "Test Service Account for Access Policy"
  project      = google_project.project.project_id
  depends_on = [
      time_sleep.wait_for_propagation
  ]
}
resource "google_iam_folder_access_policy" "example" {
  provider          = google-beta
  folder            = google_folder.folder.folder_id
  location          = "global"
  access_policy_id  = "my-folder-policy-"
  details {
    rules {
      effect      = "ALLOW"
      principals  = ["principal://iam.googleapis.com/projects/-/serviceAccounts/${google_service_account.test_sa.email}"]
      operation {
        permissions = ["eventarc.googleapis.com/messageBuses.publish"]
      }
    }
  }
  depends_on = [
    time_sleep.wait_for_propagation,
    google_service_account.test_sa
  ]
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `folder` -
  (Required)
  Resource ID segment making up resource `name`. It identifies the resource within its parent collection as described in https://google.aip.dev/122.

* `location` -
  (Required)
  Resource ID segment making up resource `name`. It identifies the resource within its parent collection as described in https://google.aip.dev/122.

* `access_policy_id` -
  (Required)
  The ID to use for the access policy, which
  will become the final component of the access policy's
  resource name.
  This value must start with a lowercase letter followed by up to 62
  lowercase letters, numbers, hyphens, or dots. Pattern,
  /a-z{2,62}/.
  This value must be unique among all access policies with the same parent.


* `annotations` -
  (Optional)
  User defined annotations. See https://google.aip.dev/148#annotations for
  more details such as format and size limitations
  **Note**: This field is non-authoritative, and will only manage the annotations present in your configuration.
  Please refer to the field `effective_annotations` for all of the annotations present on the resource.

* `details` -
  (Optional)
  Access policy details.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_details).

* `display_name` -
  (Optional)
  The description of the access policy. Must be less than
  or equal to 63 characters.

* `deletion_policy` - (Optional) Whether Terraform will be prevented from destroying the resource. Defaults to DELETE.
	When a 'terraform destroy' or 'terraform apply' would delete the resource,
	the command will fail if this field is set to "PREVENT" in Terraform state.
	When set to "ABANDON", the command will remove the resource from Terraform
	management without updating or deleting the resource in the API.
	When set to "DELETE", deleting the resource is allowed.


<a name="nested_details"></a>The `details` block supports:

* `rules` -
  (Required)
  A list of access policy rules.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_details_rules).


<a name="nested_details_rules"></a>The `rules` block supports:

* `conditions` -
  (Optional)
  The conditions that determine whether this rule applies to a request.
  Conditions are identified by their key, which is the FQDN of the service
  that they are relevant to. For example:
  ```
  "conditions": {
  "iam.googleapis.com": {
  "expression":
  }
  }
  ```
  Each rule is evaluated independently. If this rule does not apply
  to a request, other rules might still apply.
  Currently supported keys are as follows:
  * `eventarc.googleapis.com`: Can use `CEL` functions that evaluate
  resource fields.
  * `iam.googleapis.com`: Can use `CEL` functions that evaluate
  [resource
  tags](https://cloud.google.com/iam/help/conditions/resource-tags) and
  combine them using boolean and logical operators. Other functions and
  operators are not supported.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_details_rules_conditions).

* `description` -
  (Optional)
  Customer specified description of the rule. Must be less than or equal to
  256 characters.

* `effect` -
  (Required)
  The effect of the rule.
  Possible values:
  DENY
  ALLOW
  Possible values are: `DENY`, `ALLOW`.

* `excluded_principals` -
  (Optional)
  The identities that are excluded from the access policy rule, even if they
  are listed in the `principals`. For example, you could add a Google
  group to the `principals`, then exclude specific users who belong to
  that group.

* `operation` -
  (Required)
  Attributes that are used to determine whether this rule applies to a
  request.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_details_rules_operation).

* `principals` -
  (Required)
  The identities for which this rule's effect governs using one or more
  permissions on Google Cloud resources. This field can contain the
  following values:
  * `principal://goog/subject/{email_id}`: A specific Google Account.
  Includes Gmail, Cloud Identity, and Google Workspace user accounts. For
  example, `principal://goog/subject/alice@example.com`.
  * `principal://iam.googleapis.com/projects/-/serviceAccounts/{service_account_id}`:
  A Google Cloud service account. For example,
  `principal://iam.googleapis.com/projects/-/serviceAccounts/my-service-account@iam.gserviceaccount.com`.
  * `principalSet://goog/group/{group_id}`: A Google group. For example,
  `principalSet://goog/group/admins@example.com`.
  * `principalSet://goog/cloudIdentityCustomerId/{customer_id}`: All of the
  principals associated with the specified Google Workspace or Cloud
  Identity customer ID. For example,
  `principalSet://goog/cloudIdentityCustomerId/C01Abc35`.
  If an identifier that was previously set on a policy is soft deleted, then
  calls to read that policy will return the identifier with a deleted
  prefix. Users cannot set identifiers with this syntax.
  * `deleted:principal://goog/subject/{email_id}?uid={uid}`: A specific
  Google Account that was deleted recently. For example,
  `deleted:principal://goog/subject/alice@example.com?uid=1234567890`. If
  the Google Account is recovered, this identifier reverts to the standard
  identifier for a Google Account.
  * `deleted:principalSet://goog/group/{group_id}?uid={uid}`: A Google group
  that was deleted recently. For example,
  `deleted:principalSet://goog/group/admins@example.com?uid=1234567890`.
  If the Google group is restored, this identifier reverts to the standard
  identifier for a Google group.
  * `deleted:principal://iam.googleapis.com/projects/-/serviceAccounts/{service_account_id}?uid={uid}`:
  A Google Cloud service account that was deleted recently. For example,
  `deleted:principal://iam.googleapis.com/projects/-/serviceAccounts/my-service-account@iam.gserviceaccount.com?uid=1234567890`.
  If the service account is undeleted, this identifier reverts to the
  standard identifier for a service account.


<a name="nested_details_rules_conditions"></a>The `conditions` block supports:

* `service` - (Required) The identifier for this object. Format specified above.

* `expression` -
  (Optional)
  Textual representation of an expression in Common Expression Language
  syntax.

<a name="nested_details_rules_operation"></a>The `operation` block supports:

* `excluded_permissions` -
  (Optional)
  Specifies the permissions that this rule excludes from the set of
  affected permissions given by `permissions`. If a permission appears in
  `permissions` _and_ in `excluded_permissions` then it will _not_ be
  subject to the policy effect.
  The excluded permissions can be specified using the same syntax as
  `permissions`.

* `permissions` -
  (Required)
  The permissions that are explicitly affected by this rule. Each
  permission uses the format `{service_fqdn}/{resource}.{verb}`, where
  `{service_fqdn}` is the fully qualified domain name for the service.
  Currently supported permissions are as follows:
  * `eventarc.googleapis.com/messageBuses.publish`.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `folders/{{folder}}/locations/{{location}}/accessPolicies/{{access_policy_id}}`

* `create_time` -
  The time when the access policy was created.

* `etag` -
  The etag for the access policy.
  If this is provided on update, it must match the server's etag.

* `name` -
  Identifier. The resource name of the access policy.
  The following formats are supported:
  * `projects/{project_id}/locations/{location}/accessPolicies/{policy_id}`
  * `projects/{project_number}/locations/{location}/accessPolicies/{policy_id}`
  * `folders/{folder_id}/locations/{location}/accessPolicies/{policy_id}`
  * `organizations/{organization_id}/locations/{location}/accessPolicies/{policy_id}`

* `uid` -
  The globally unique ID of the access policy.

* `update_time` -
  The time when the access policy was most recently
  updated.

* `effective_annotations` -
  All of annotations (key/value pairs) present on the resource in GCP, including the annotations configured through Terraform, other clients and services.


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


FolderAccessPolicy can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

* `folders/{{folder}}/locations/{{location}}/accessPolicies/{{access_policy_id}}`
* `{{folder}}/{{location}}/{{access_policy_id}}`

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, use an [`identity` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/block/import#identity) to import FolderAccessPolicy using identity values. For example:

```tf
import {
  identity = {
    folder = "<-required value->"
    location = "<-required value->"
    accessPolicyId = "<-required value->"
  }
  to = google_iam_folder_access_policy.default
}
```

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import FolderAccessPolicy using one of the formats above. For example:

```tf
import {
  id = "folders/{{folder}}/locations/{{location}}/accessPolicies/{{access_policy_id}}"
  to = google_iam_folder_access_policy.default
}
```

When using the [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import), FolderAccessPolicy can be imported using one of the formats above. For example:

```
$ terraform import google_iam_folder_access_policy.default folders/{{folder}}/locations/{{location}}/accessPolicies/{{access_policy_id}}
$ terraform import google_iam_folder_access_policy.default {{folder}}/{{location}}/{{access_policy_id}}
```
