---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Identity Platform"
page_title: "Google: google_identity_platform_project_default_config"
description: |-
  There is no persistent data associated with this resource.
---

# google\_identity\_platform\_project\_default\_config

There is no persistent data associated with this resource.



~> **Warning:** If you are using User ADCs (Application Default Credentials) with this resource,
you must specify a `billing_project` and set `user_project_override` to true
in the provider configuration. Otherwise the ACM API will return a 403 error.
Your account must have the `serviceusage.services.use` permission on the
`billing_project` you defined.

## Example Usage - Identity Platform Project Default Config


```hcl
resource "google_identity_platform_project_default_config" "default" {
    sign_in {
        allow_duplicate_emails = true
       
        anonymous {
            enabled = true
        }
       
        email {
            enabled = true
            password_required = false
        }
       
        phone_number {
            enabled = true
            test_phone_numbers = {
                "+11231231234" = "000000"
            }
        }
    }
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:



- - -


* `sign_in` -
  (Optional)
  Configuration related to local sign in methods.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_sign_in).

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.


<a name="nested_sign_in"></a>The `sign_in` block supports:

* `email` -
  (Optional)
  Configuration options related to authenticating a user by their email address.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_email).

* `phone_number` -
  (Optional)
  Configuration options related to authenticated a user by their phone number.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_phone_number).

* `anonymous` -
  (Optional)
  Configuration options related to authenticating an anonymous user.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_anonymous).

* `allow_duplicate_emails` -
  (Optional)
  Whether to allow more than one account to have the same email.

* `hash_config` -
  Output only. Hash config information.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_hash_config).


<a name="nested_email"></a>The `email` block supports:

* `enabled` -
  (Optional)
  Whether email auth is enabled for the project or not.

* `password_required` -
  (Optional)
  Whether a password is required for email auth or not. If true, both an email and 
  password must be provided to sign in. If false, a user may sign in via either 
  email/password or email link.

<a name="nested_phone_number"></a>The `phone_number` block supports:

* `enabled` -
  (Optional)
  Whether phone number auth is enabled for the project or not.

* `test_phone_numbers` -
  (Optional)
  A map of <test phone number, fake code> that can be used for phone auth testing.

<a name="nested_anonymous"></a>The `anonymous` block supports:

* `enabled` -
  (Required)
  Whether anonymous user auth is enabled for the project or not.

<a name="nested_hash_config"></a>The `hash_config` block contains:

* `algorithm` -
  Different password hash algorithms used in Identity Toolkit.

* `signer_key` -
  Signer key in base64.

* `salt_separator` -
  Non-printable character to be inserted between the salt and plain text password in base64.

* `rounds` -
  How many rounds for hash calculation. Used by scrypt and other similar password derivation algorithms.

* `memory_cost` -
  Memory cost for hash calculation. Used by scrypt and other similar password derivation algorithms. See https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7914 for explanation of field.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `{{project}}`

* `name` -
  The name of the Config resource. Example: "projects/my-awesome-project/config"


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](/docs/configuration/resources.html#timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


ProjectDefaultConfig can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

```
$ terraform import google_identity_platform_project_default_config.default projects/{{project}}/config/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_identity_platform_project_default_config.default {{project}}/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_identity_platform_project_default_config.default {{name}}
```

## User Project Overrides

This resource supports [User Project Overrides](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/provider_reference#user_project_override).
