---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This code is generated by Magic Modules using the following:
#
#     Configuration: https:#github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/magic-modules/tree/main/mmv1/products/kms/OrganizationKajPolicyConfig.yaml
#     Template:      https:#github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/magic-modules/tree/main/mmv1/templates/terraform/resource.html.markdown.tmpl
#
#     DO NOT EDIT this file directly. Any changes made to this file will be
#     overwritten during the next generation cycle.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Cloud Key Management Service"
description: |-
  `OrganizationKajPolicyConfig` is a organization-level singleton resource
  used to configure the default KAJ policy of newly created key.
---

# google_kms_organization_kaj_policy_config

`OrganizationKajPolicyConfig` is a organization-level singleton resource
used to configure the default KAJ policy of newly created key.

~> **Note:** OrganizationKajPolicyConfig cannot be deleted from Google Cloud Platform.
Destroying a Terraform-managed OrganizationKajPolicyConfig will remove it from state but
*will not delete the resource from Google Cloud Platform.*

~> **Warning:** This resource is in beta, and should be used with the terraform-provider-google-beta provider.
See [Provider Versions](../guides/provider_versions.html.markdown) for more details on beta resources.

To get more information about OrganizationKajPolicyConfig, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/kms/docs/reference/rest/v1/KeyAccessJustificationsPolicyConfig)
* How-to Guides
    * [Set default Key Access Justifications policy](https://cloud.google.com/assured-workloads/key-access-justifications/docs/set-default-policy)

## Example Usage - Kms Organization Kaj Policy Config Basic


```hcl
resource "google_kms_organization_kaj_policy_config" "example" {
	provider 				= google-beta
	organization 				= "123456789"
	default_key_access_justification_policy {
		allowed_access_reasons = [
			"CUSTOMER_INITIATED_ACCESS",
			"GOOGLE_INITIATED_SYSTEM_OPERATION",
		]
	}
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `organization` -
  (Required)
  The organization number for which to retrieve config.


* `default_key_access_justification_policy` -
  (Optional)
  The default key access justification policy used when a CryptoKey is
  created in this organization. This is only used when a Key Access Justifications
  policy is not provided in the CreateCryptoKeyRequest.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_default_key_access_justification_policy).

* `deletion_policy` - (Optional) Whether Terraform will be prevented from destroying the resource. Defaults to DELETE.
	When a 'terraform destroy' or 'terraform apply' would delete the resource,
	the command will fail if this field is set to "PREVENT" in Terraform state.
	When set to "ABANDON", the command will remove the resource from Terraform
	management without updating or deleting the resource in the API.
	When set to "DELETE", deleting the resource is allowed.


<a name="nested_default_key_access_justification_policy"></a>The `default_key_access_justification_policy` block supports:

* `allowed_access_reasons` -
  (Optional)
  A KeyAccessJustificationsPolicy specifies zero or more allowed
  AccessReason values for encrypt, decrypt, and sign operations on a
  CryptoKey.
  Each value may be one of: `CUSTOMER_INITIATED_SUPPORT`, `GOOGLE_INITIATED_SERVICE`, `THIRD_PARTY_DATA_REQUEST`, `GOOGLE_INITIATED_REVIEW`, `CUSTOMER_INITIATED_ACCESS`, `GOOGLE_INITIATED_SYSTEM_OPERATION`, `REASON_NOT_EXPECTED`, `MODIFIED_CUSTOMER_INITIATED_ACCESS`, `MODIFIED_GOOGLE_INITIATED_SYSTEM_OPERATION`, `GOOGLE_RESPONSE_TO_PRODUCTION_ALERT`, `CUSTOMER_AUTHORIZED_WORKFLOW_SERVICING`.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `organizations/{{organization}}/kajPolicyConfig`


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


OrganizationKajPolicyConfig can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

* `organizations/{{organization}}/kajPolicyConfig`
* `{{organization}}`


In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import OrganizationKajPolicyConfig using one of the formats above. For example:

```tf
import {
  id = "organizations/{{organization}}/kajPolicyConfig"
  to = google_kms_organization_kaj_policy_config.default
}
```

When using the [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import), OrganizationKajPolicyConfig can be imported using one of the formats above. For example:

```
$ terraform import google_kms_organization_kaj_policy_config.default organizations/{{organization}}/kajPolicyConfig
$ terraform import google_kms_organization_kaj_policy_config.default {{organization}}
```
