---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Cloud Key Management Service"
description: |-
  A `CryptoKey` represents a logical key that can be used for cryptographic operations.
---

# google_kms_crypto_key

A `CryptoKey` represents a logical key that can be used for cryptographic operations.


~> **Note:** CryptoKeys cannot be deleted from Google Cloud Platform.
Destroying a Terraform-managed CryptoKey will remove it from state
and delete all CryptoKeyVersions, rendering the key unusable, but *will
not delete the resource from the project.* When Terraform destroys these keys,
any data previously encrypted with these keys will be irrecoverable.
For this reason, it is strongly recommended that you add
[lifecycle](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/meta-arguments/lifecycle)
hooks to the resource to prevent accidental destruction.


To get more information about CryptoKey, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/kms/docs/reference/rest/v1/projects.locations.keyRings.cryptoKeys)
* How-to Guides
    * [Creating a key](https://cloud.google.com/kms/docs/creating-keys#create_a_key)

## Example Usage - Kms Crypto Key Basic


```hcl
resource "google_kms_key_ring" "keyring" {
  name     = "keyring-example"
  location = "global"
}

resource "google_kms_crypto_key" "example-key" {
  name            = "crypto-key-example"
  key_ring        = google_kms_key_ring.keyring.id
  rotation_period = "7776000s"

  lifecycle {
    prevent_destroy = true
  }
}
```
## Example Usage - Kms Crypto Key Asymmetric Sign


```hcl
resource "google_kms_key_ring" "keyring" {
  name     = "keyring-example"
  location = "global"
}

resource "google_kms_crypto_key" "example-asymmetric-sign-key" {
  name     = "crypto-key-example"
  key_ring = google_kms_key_ring.keyring.id
  purpose  = "ASYMMETRIC_SIGN"

  version_template {
    algorithm = "EC_SIGN_P384_SHA384"
  }

  lifecycle {
    prevent_destroy = true
  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `name` -
  (Required)
  The resource name for the CryptoKey.

* `key_ring` -
  (Required)
  The KeyRing that this key belongs to.
  Format: `'projects/{{project}}/locations/{{location}}/keyRings/{{keyRing}}'`.


- - -


* `labels` -
  (Optional)
  Labels with user-defined metadata to apply to this resource.

  **Note**: This field is non-authoritative, and will only manage the labels present in your configuration.
  Please refer to the field `effective_labels` for all of the labels present on the resource.

* `purpose` -
  (Optional)
  The immutable purpose of this CryptoKey. See the
  [purpose reference](https://cloud.google.com/kms/docs/reference/rest/v1/projects.locations.keyRings.cryptoKeys#CryptoKeyPurpose)
  for possible inputs.
  Default value is "ENCRYPT_DECRYPT".

* `rotation_period` -
  (Optional)
  Every time this period passes, generate a new CryptoKeyVersion and set it as the primary.
  The first rotation will take place after the specified period. The rotation period has
  the format of a decimal number with up to 9 fractional digits, followed by the
  letter `s` (seconds). It must be greater than a day (ie, 86400).

* `version_template` -
  (Optional)
  A template describing settings for new crypto key versions.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_version_template).

* `destroy_scheduled_duration` -
  (Optional)
  The period of time that versions of this key spend in the DESTROY_SCHEDULED state before transitioning to DESTROYED.
  If not specified at creation time, the default duration is 30 days.

* `import_only` -
  (Optional)
  Whether this key may contain imported versions only.

* `crypto_key_backend` -
  (Optional)
  The resource name of the backend environment associated with all CryptoKeyVersions within this CryptoKey.
  The resource name is in the format "projects/*/locations/*/ekmConnections/*" and only applies to "EXTERNAL_VPC" keys.

* `key_access_justifications_policy` -
  (Optional, [Beta](https://terraform.io/docs/providers/google/guides/provider_versions.html))
  The policy used for Key Access Justifications Policy Enforcement. If this
  field is present and this key is enrolled in Key Access Justifications
  Policy Enforcement, the policy will be evaluated in encrypt, decrypt, and
  sign operations, and the operation will fail if rejected by the policy. The
  policy is defined by specifying zero or more allowed justification codes.
  https://cloud.google.com/assured-workloads/key-access-justifications/docs/justification-codes
  By default, this field is absent, and all justification codes are allowed.
  This field is currently in beta and is subject to change.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_key_access_justifications_policy).

* `skip_initial_version_creation` -
  (Optional)
  If set to true, the request will create a CryptoKey without any CryptoKeyVersions.
  You must use the `google_kms_crypto_key_version` resource to create a new CryptoKeyVersion
  or `google_kms_key_ring_import_job` resource to import the CryptoKeyVersion.


<a name="nested_version_template"></a>The `version_template` block supports:

* `algorithm` -
  (Required)
  The algorithm to use when creating a version based on this template.
  See the [algorithm reference](https://cloud.google.com/kms/docs/reference/rest/v1/CryptoKeyVersionAlgorithm) for possible inputs.

* `protection_level` -
  (Optional)
  The protection level to use when creating a version based on this template. Possible values include "SOFTWARE", "HSM", "EXTERNAL", "EXTERNAL_VPC". Defaults to "SOFTWARE".

<a name="nested_key_access_justifications_policy"></a>The `key_access_justifications_policy` block supports:

* `allowed_access_reasons` -
  (Optional)
  The list of allowed reasons for access to this CryptoKey. Zero allowed
  access reasons means all encrypt, decrypt, and sign operations for
  this CryptoKey will fail.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `{{key_ring}}/cryptoKeys/{{name}}`

* `primary` -
  A copy of the primary CryptoKeyVersion that will be used by cryptoKeys.encrypt when this CryptoKey is given in EncryptRequest.name.
  Keys with purpose ENCRYPT_DECRYPT may have a primary. For other keys, this field will be unset.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_primary).

* `terraform_labels` -
  The combination of labels configured directly on the resource
   and default labels configured on the provider.

* `effective_labels` -
  All of labels (key/value pairs) present on the resource in GCP, including the labels configured through Terraform, other clients and services.


<a name="nested_primary"></a>The `primary` block contains:

* `name` -
  (Output)
  The resource name for this CryptoKeyVersion.

* `state` -
  (Output)
  The current state of the CryptoKeyVersion.

## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


CryptoKey can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

* `{{key_ring}}/cryptoKeys/{{name}}`
* `{{key_ring}}/{{name}}`


In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import CryptoKey using one of the formats above. For example:

```tf
import {
  id = "{{key_ring}}/cryptoKeys/{{name}}"
  to = google_kms_crypto_key.default
}
```

When using the [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import), CryptoKey can be imported using one of the formats above. For example:

```
$ terraform import google_kms_crypto_key.default {{key_ring}}/cryptoKeys/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_kms_crypto_key.default {{key_ring}}/{{name}}
```

## User Project Overrides

This resource supports [User Project Overrides](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/provider_reference#user_project_override).
