---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Cloud Key Management Service"
description: |-
  A `KeyRingImportJob` can be used to create `CryptoKeys` and `CryptoKeyVersions` using pre-existing
  key material, generated outside of Cloud KMS.
---

# google\_kms\_key\_ring\_import\_job

A `KeyRingImportJob` can be used to create `CryptoKeys` and `CryptoKeyVersions` using pre-existing
key material, generated outside of Cloud KMS. A `KeyRingImportJob` expires 3 days after it is created.
Once expired, Cloud KMS will no longer be able to import or unwrap any key material that
was wrapped with the `KeyRingImportJob`'s public key.


~> **Note:** KeyRingImportJobs cannot be deleted from Google Cloud Platform.
Destroying a Terraform-managed KeyRingImportJob will remove it from state but
*will not delete the resource from the project.*


To get more information about KeyRingImportJob, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/kms/docs/reference/rest/v1/projects.locations.keyRings.importJobs)
* How-to Guides
    * [Importing a key](https://cloud.google.com/kms/docs/importing-a-key)

## Example Usage - Kms Key Ring Import Job


```hcl
resource "google_kms_key_ring" "keyring" {
  name     = "keyring-example"
  location = "global"
}

resource "google_kms_crypto_key" "example-key" {
  name            = "cryptokey-example""
  key_ring        = google_kms_key_ring.keyring.id
  skip_initial_version_creation = true
}

resource "google_kms_key_ring_import_job" "import-job" {
  key_ring = google_kms_key_ring.keyring.id
  import_job_id = "my-import-job"

  import_method = "RSA_OAEP_3072_SHA1_AES_256"
  protection_level = "SOFTWARE"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `import_method` -
  (Required)
  The wrapping method to be used for incoming key material.
  Possible values are: `RSA_OAEP_3072_SHA1_AES_256`, `RSA_OAEP_4096_SHA1_AES_256`.

* `protection_level` -
  (Required)
  The protection level of the ImportJob. This must match the protectionLevel of the
  versionTemplate on the CryptoKey you attempt to import into.
  Possible values are: `SOFTWARE`, `HSM`, `EXTERNAL`.

* `key_ring` -
  (Required)
  The KeyRing that this import job belongs to.
  Format: `'projects/{{project}}/locations/{{location}}/keyRings/{{keyRing}}'`.

* `import_job_id` -
  (Required)
  It must be unique within a KeyRing and match the regular expression [a-zA-Z0-9_-]{1,63}


- - -



## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `{{name}}`

* `name` -
  The resource name for this ImportJob in the format projects/*/locations/*/keyRings/*/importJobs/*.

* `expire_time` -
  The time at which this resource is scheduled for expiration and can no longer be used.
  This is in RFC3339 text format.

* `state` -
  The current state of the ImportJob, indicating if it can be used.

* `public_key` -
  The public key with which to wrap key material prior to import. Only returned if state is `ACTIVE`.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_public_key).

* `attestation` -
  Statement that was generated and signed by the key creator (for example, an HSM) at key creation time.
  Use this statement to verify attributes of the key as stored on the HSM, independently of Google.
  Only present if the chosen ImportMethod is one with a protection level of HSM.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_attestation).


<a name="nested_public_key"></a>The `public_key` block contains:

* `pem` -
  (Output)
  The public key, encoded in PEM format. For more information, see the RFC 7468 sections
  for General Considerations and Textual Encoding of Subject Public Key Info.

<a name="nested_attestation"></a>The `attestation` block contains:

* `format` -
  (Output)
  The format of the attestation data.

* `content` -
  (Output)
  The attestation data provided by the HSM when the key operation was performed.
  A base64-encoded string.

## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


KeyRingImportJob can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

* `{{name}}`


In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import KeyRingImportJob using one of the formats above. For example:

```tf
import {
  id = "{{name}}"
  to = google_kms_key_ring_import_job.default
}
```

When using the [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import), KeyRingImportJob can be imported using one of the formats above. For example:

```
$ terraform import google_kms_key_ring_import_job.default {{name}}
```
