---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This code is generated by Magic Modules using the following:
#
#     Configuration: https:#github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/magic-modules/tree/main/mmv1/products/netapp/BackupVault.yaml
#     Template:      https:#github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/magic-modules/tree/main/mmv1/templates/terraform/resource.html.markdown.tmpl
#
#     DO NOT EDIT this file directly. Any changes made to this file will be
#     overwritten during the next generation cycle.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Google Cloud NetApp Volumes"
description: |-
  A backup vault is the location where backups are stored.
---

# google_netapp_backup_vault

A backup vault is the location where backups are stored. You can only create one backup vault per region.
A vault can hold multiple backups for multiple volumes in that region.


To get more information about BackupVault, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/netapp/volumes/docs/reference/rest/v1/projects.locations.backupVaults)
* How-to Guides
    * [Documentation](https://cloud.google.com/netapp/volumes/docs/protect-data/about-volume-backups)

## Example Usage - Netapp Backup Vault


```hcl
resource "google_netapp_backup_vault" "test_backup_vault" {
  name = "test-backup-vault"
  location = "us-west1"
  description = "Terraform created vault"
  labels = { 
    "creator": "testuser"
  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `location` -
  (Required)
  Location (region) of the backup vault.

* `name` -
  (Required)
  The resource name of the backup vault. Needs to be unique per location.


* `description` -
  (Optional)
  An optional description of this resource.

* `labels` -
  (Optional)
  Labels as key value pairs. Example: `{ "owner": "Bob", "department": "finance", "purpose": "testing" }`.

  **Note**: This field is non-authoritative, and will only manage the labels present in your configuration.
  Please refer to the field `effective_labels` for all of the labels present on the resource.

* `backup_vault_type` -
  (Optional)
  Type of the backup vault to be created. Default is IN_REGION.
  Possible values are: `BACKUP_VAULT_TYPE_UNSPECIFIED`, `IN_REGION`, `CROSS_REGION`.

* `backup_region` -
  (Optional)
  Region in which backup is stored.

* `backup_retention_policy` -
  (Optional)
  Backup retention policy defining the retention of the backups.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_backup_retention_policy).

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.



<a name="nested_backup_retention_policy"></a>The `backup_retention_policy` block supports:

* `backup_minimum_enforced_retention_days` -
  (Required)
  Minimum retention duration in days for backups in the backup vault.

* `daily_backup_immutable` -
  (Optional)
  Indicates if the daily backups are immutable. At least one of daily_backup_immutable, weekly_backup_immutable, monthly_backup_immutable and manual_backup_immutable must be true.

* `weekly_backup_immutable` -
  (Optional)
  Indicates if the weekly backups are immutable. At least one of daily_backup_immutable, weekly_backup_immutable, monthly_backup_immutable and manual_backup_immutable must be true.

* `monthly_backup_immutable` -
  (Optional)
  Indicates if the monthly backups are immutable. At least one of daily_backup_immutable, weekly_backup_immutable, monthly_backup_immutable and manual_backup_immutable must be true.

* `manual_backup_immutable` -
  (Optional)
  Indicates if the manual backups are immutable. At least one of daily_backup_immutable, weekly_backup_immutable, monthly_backup_immutable and manual_backup_immutable must be true.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `projects/{{project}}/locations/{{location}}/backupVaults/{{name}}`

* `state` -
  The state of the Backup Vault.

* `create_time` -
  Create time of the backup vault. A timestamp in RFC3339 UTC "Zulu" format. Examples: "2023-06-22T09:13:01.617Z".

* `source_region` -
  Region in which the backup vault is created.

* `source_backup_vault` -
  Name of the Backup vault created in source region.

* `destination_backup_vault` -
  Name of the Backup vault created in backup region.

* `terraform_labels` -
  The combination of labels configured directly on the resource
   and default labels configured on the provider.

* `effective_labels` -
  All of labels (key/value pairs) present on the resource in GCP, including the labels configured through Terraform, other clients and services.


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


BackupVault can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

* `projects/{{project}}/locations/{{location}}/backupVaults/{{name}}`
* `{{project}}/{{location}}/{{name}}`
* `{{location}}/{{name}}`

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, use an [`identity` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/identities) to import BackupVault using identity values. For example:

```tf
import {
  identity = {
    location = "<-required value->"
    name = "<-required value->"
    project = "<-optional value->"
  }
  to = google_netapp_backup_vault.default
}
```

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import BackupVault using one of the formats above. For example:

```tf
import {
  id = "projects/{{project}}/locations/{{location}}/backupVaults/{{name}}"
  to = google_netapp_backup_vault.default
}
```

When using the [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import), BackupVault can be imported using one of the formats above. For example:

```
$ terraform import google_netapp_backup_vault.default projects/{{project}}/locations/{{location}}/backupVaults/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_netapp_backup_vault.default {{project}}/{{location}}/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_netapp_backup_vault.default {{location}}/{{name}}
```

## User Project Overrides

This resource supports [User Project Overrides](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/provider_reference#user_project_override).
