---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Network security"
description: |-
  A security profile defines the behavior associated to a profile type.
---

# google\_network\_security\_security\_profile

A security profile defines the behavior associated to a profile type.


To get more information about SecurityProfile, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/firewall/docs/reference/network-security/rest/v1/projects.locations.securityProfiles)
* How-to Guides
    * [Create and manage security profiles](https://cloud.google.com/firewall/docs/configure-security-profiles)

## Example Usage - Network Security Security Profile Basic


```hcl
resource "google_network_security_security_profile" "default" {
  name        = "my-security-profile"
  parent      = "organizations/123456789"
  description = "my description"
  type        = "THREAT_PREVENTION"

  labels = {
    foo = "bar"
  }
}
```
## Example Usage - Network Security Security Profile Overrides


```hcl
resource "google_network_security_security_profile" "default" {
  name        = "my-security-profile"
  parent      = "organizations/123456789"
  description = "my description"
  type        = "THREAT_PREVENTION"

  threat_prevention_profile {
    severity_overrides {
      action   = "ALLOW"
      severity = "INFORMATIONAL"
    }

    severity_overrides {
      action   = "DENY"
      severity = "HIGH"
    }

    threat_overrides {
      action    = "ALLOW"
      threat_id = "280647"
    }
  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `type` -
  (Required)
  The type of security profile.
  Possible values are: `THREAT_PREVENTION`.

* `name` -
  (Required)
  The name of the security profile resource.


- - -


* `description` -
  (Optional)
  An optional description of the security profile. The Max length is 512 characters.

* `labels` -
  (Optional)
  A map of key/value label pairs to assign to the resource.

  **Note**: This field is non-authoritative, and will only manage the labels present in your configuration.
  Please refer to the field `effective_labels` for all of the labels present on the resource.

* `threat_prevention_profile` -
  (Optional)
  The threat prevention configuration for the security profile.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_threat_prevention_profile).

* `location` -
  (Optional)
  The location of the security profile.
  The default value is `global`.

* `parent` -
  (Optional)
  The name of the parent this security profile belongs to.
  Format: organizations/{organization_id}.


<a name="nested_threat_prevention_profile"></a>The `threat_prevention_profile` block supports:

* `severity_overrides` -
  (Optional)
  The configuration for overriding threats actions by severity match.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_severity_overrides).

* `threat_overrides` -
  (Optional)
  The configuration for overriding threats actions by threat id match.
  If a threat is matched both by configuration provided in severity overrides
  and threat overrides, the threat overrides action is applied.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_threat_overrides).


<a name="nested_severity_overrides"></a>The `severity_overrides` block supports:

* `action` -
  (Required)
  Threat action override.
  Possible values are: `ALERT`, `ALLOW`, `DEFAULT_ACTION`, `DENY`.

* `severity` -
  (Required)
  Severity level to match.
  Possible values are: `CRITICAL`, `HIGH`, `INFORMATIONAL`, `LOW`, `MEDIUM`.

<a name="nested_threat_overrides"></a>The `threat_overrides` block supports:

* `action` -
  (Required)
  Threat action.
  Possible values are: `ALERT`, `ALLOW`, `DEFAULT_ACTION`, `DENY`.

* `threat_id` -
  (Required)
  Vendor-specific ID of a threat to override.

* `type` -
  (Output)
  Type of threat.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `{{parent}}/locations/{{location}}/securityProfiles/{{name}}`

* `self_link` -
  Server-defined URL of this resource.

* `create_time` -
  Time the security profile was created in UTC.

* `update_time` -
  Time the security profile was updated in UTC.

* `etag` -
  This checksum is computed by the server based on the value of other fields,
  and may be sent on update and delete requests to ensure the client has an up-to-date
  value before proceeding.

* `terraform_labels` -
  The combination of labels configured directly on the resource
   and default labels configured on the provider.

* `effective_labels` -
  All of labels (key/value pairs) present on the resource in GCP, including the labels configured through Terraform, other clients and services.


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


SecurityProfile can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

* `{{parent}}/locations/{{location}}/securityProfiles/{{name}}`


In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import SecurityProfile using one of the formats above. For example:

```tf
import {
  id = "{{parent}}/locations/{{location}}/securityProfiles/{{name}}"
  to = google_network_security_security_profile.default
}
```

When using the [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import), SecurityProfile can be imported using one of the formats above. For example:

```
$ terraform import google_network_security_security_profile.default {{parent}}/locations/{{location}}/securityProfiles/{{name}}
```
