---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This code is generated by Magic Modules using the following:
#
#     Configuration: https:#github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/magic-modules/tree/main/mmv1/products/networkmanagement/OrganizationVpcFlowLogsConfig.yaml
#     Template:      https:#github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/magic-modules/tree/main/mmv1/templates/terraform/resource.html.markdown.tmpl
#
#     DO NOT EDIT this file directly. Any changes made to this file will be
#     overwritten during the next generation cycle.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Network Management"
description: |-
  VPC Flow Logs Config is a resource that lets you configure Flow Logs for Organization.
---

# google_network_management_organization_vpc_flow_logs_config

VPC Flow Logs Config is a resource that lets you configure Flow Logs for Organization.

~> **Warning:** This resource is in beta, and should be used with the terraform-provider-google-beta provider.
See [Provider Versions](https://terraform.io/docs/providers/google/guides/provider_versions.html) for more details on beta resources.


## Example Usage - Network Management Org Vpc Flow Logs Config Basic


```hcl
resource "google_network_management_organization_vpc_flow_logs_config" "org-test" {
  provider                = google-beta
  vpc_flow_logs_config_id = "basic-org-test-id"
  location                = "global"
  organization            = "123456789"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `organization` -
  (Required)
  Resource ID segment making up resource `name`. It identifies the resource within its parent collection as described in https://google.aip.dev/122.

* `location` -
  (Required)
  Resource ID segment making up resource `name`. It identifies the resource
  within its parent collection as described in https://google.aip.dev/122. See documentation
  for resource type `networkmanagement.googleapis.com/VpcFlowLogsConfig`.

* `vpc_flow_logs_config_id` -
  (Required)
  Required. ID of the `VpcFlowLogsConfig`.


* `description` -
  (Optional)
  Optional. The user-supplied description of the VPC Flow Logs configuration. Maximum
  of 512 characters.

* `state` -
  (Optional)
  Optional. The state of the VPC Flow Log configuration. Default value
  is ENABLED. When creating a new configuration, it must be enabled.
  Possible values: ENABLED DISABLED

* `aggregation_interval` -
  (Optional)
  Optional. The aggregation interval for the logs. Default value is
  INTERVAL_5_SEC.   Possible values: INTERVAL_5_SEC INTERVAL_30_SEC INTERVAL_1_MIN INTERVAL_5_MIN INTERVAL_10_MIN INTERVAL_15_MIN

* `flow_sampling` -
  (Optional)
  Optional. The value of the field must be in (0, 1]. The sampling rate
  of VPC Flow Logs where 1.0 means all collected logs are reported. Setting the
  sampling rate to 0.0 is not allowed. If you want to disable VPC Flow Logs, use
  the state field instead. Default value is 1.0.

* `metadata` -
  (Optional)
  Optional. Configures whether all, none or a subset of metadata fields
  should be added to the reported VPC flow logs. Default value is INCLUDE_ALL_METADATA.
    Possible values:  METADATA_UNSPECIFIED INCLUDE_ALL_METADATA EXCLUDE_ALL_METADATA CUSTOM_METADATA

* `metadata_fields` -
  (Optional)
  Optional. Custom metadata fields to include in the reported VPC flow
  logs. Can only be specified if \"metadata\" was set to CUSTOM_METADATA.

* `filter_expr` -
  (Optional)
  Optional. Export filter used to define which VPC Flow Logs should be logged.

* `labels` -
  (Optional)
  Optional. Resource labels to represent the user-provided metadata.

  **Note**: This field is non-authoritative, and will only manage the labels present in your configuration.
  Please refer to the field `effective_labels` for all of the labels present on the resource.

* `cross_project_metadata` -
  (Optional)
  Determines whether to include cross project annotations in the logs.
  This field is available only for organization configurations. If not
  specified in org configs will be set to CROSS_PROJECT_METADATA_ENABLED.
  Possible values:
  CROSS_PROJECT_METADATA_ENABLED
  CROSS_PROJECT_METADATA_DISABLED
  Possible values are: `CROSS_PROJECT_METADATA_ENABLED`, `CROSS_PROJECT_METADATA_DISABLED`.



## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `organizations/{{organization}}/locations/{{location}}/vpcFlowLogsConfigs/{{vpc_flow_logs_config_id}}`

* `name` -
  Identifier. Unique name of the configuration using the form:     `organizations/{org_id}/locations/global/vpcFlowLogsConfigs/{vpc_flow_logs_config_id}`

* `create_time` -
  Output only. The time the config was created.

* `update_time` -
  Output only. The time the config was updated.

* `terraform_labels` -
  The combination of labels configured directly on the resource
   and default labels configured on the provider.

* `effective_labels` -
  All of labels (key/value pairs) present on the resource in GCP, including the labels configured through Terraform, other clients and services.


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


OrganizationVpcFlowLogsConfig can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

* `organizations/{{organization}}/locations/{{location}}/vpcFlowLogsConfigs/{{vpc_flow_logs_config_id}}`
* `{{organization}}/{{location}}/{{vpc_flow_logs_config_id}}`


In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import OrganizationVpcFlowLogsConfig using one of the formats above. For example:

```tf
import {
  id = "organizations/{{organization}}/locations/{{location}}/vpcFlowLogsConfigs/{{vpc_flow_logs_config_id}}"
  to = google_network_management_organization_vpc_flow_logs_config.default
}
```

When using the [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import), OrganizationVpcFlowLogsConfig can be imported using one of the formats above. For example:

```
$ terraform import google_network_management_organization_vpc_flow_logs_config.default organizations/{{organization}}/locations/{{location}}/vpcFlowLogsConfigs/{{vpc_flow_logs_config_id}}
$ terraform import google_network_management_organization_vpc_flow_logs_config.default {{organization}}/{{location}}/{{vpc_flow_logs_config_id}}
```
