---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Network security"
description: |-
  Firewall endpoint association links a firewall endpoint to a VPC network in
  the same zone.
---

# google_network_security_firewall_endpoint_association

Firewall endpoint association links a firewall endpoint to a VPC network in
the same zone. After you define this association, Cloud Firewall forwards the
zonal workload traffic in your VPC network that requires layer 7 inspection to
the attached firewall endpoint.


To get more information about FirewallEndpointAssociation, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/firewall/docs/reference/network-security/rest/v1/projects.locations.firewallEndpointAssociations#FirewallEndpointAssociation)
* How-to Guides
    * [Create and associate firewall endpoints](https://cloud.google.com/firewall/docs/configure-firewall-endpoints)
    * [Firewall endpoint overview](https://cloud.google.com/firewall/docs/about-firewall-endpoints)

## Example Usage - Network Security Firewall Endpoint Association Basic


```hcl
resource "google_network_security_firewall_endpoint" "default" {
  name        = "my-firewall-endpoint"
  parent      = "organizations/123456789"
  location    = "us-central1-a"

  labels = {
    foo = "bar"
  }
}

resource "google_network_security_firewall_endpoint_association" "default_association" {
  name        = "my-firewall-endpoint-association"
  parent      = "projects/my-project-name"
  location    = "us-central1-a"

  labels = {
    foo = "bar"
  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `firewall_endpoint` -
  (Required)
  The URL of the firewall endpoint that is being associated.

* `network` -
  (Required)
  The URL of the network that is being associated.

* `name` -
  (Required)
  The name of the firewall endpoint association resource.

* `location` -
  (Required)
  The location (zone) of the firewall endpoint association.


- - -


* `tls_inspection_policy` -
  (Optional)
  The URL of the TlsInspectionPolicy that is being associated.

* `labels` -
  (Optional)
  A map of key/value label pairs to assign to the resource.

  **Note**: This field is non-authoritative, and will only manage the labels present in your configuration.
  Please refer to the field `effective_labels` for all of the labels present on the resource.

* `disabled` -
  (Optional)
  Whether the association is disabled. True indicates that traffic will not be intercepted.
  ~> **Note:** The API will reject the request if this value is set to true when creating the resource,
  otherwise on an update the association can be disabled.

* `parent` -
  (Optional)
  The name of the parent this firewall endpoint association belongs to.
  Format: projects/{project_id}.


## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `{{parent}}/locations/{{location}}/firewallEndpointAssociations/{{name}}`

* `self_link` -
  Server-defined URL of this resource.

* `create_time` -
  Time the firewall endpoint was created in UTC.

* `update_time` -
  Time the firewall endpoint was updated in UTC.

* `reconciling` -
  Whether reconciling is in progress, recommended per https://google.aip.dev/128.

* `state` -
  The current state of the endpoint.

* `terraform_labels` -
  The combination of labels configured directly on the resource
   and default labels configured on the provider.

* `effective_labels` -
  All of labels (key/value pairs) present on the resource in GCP, including the labels configured through Terraform, other clients and services.


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


FirewallEndpointAssociation can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

* `{{parent}}/locations/{{location}}/firewallEndpointAssociations/{{name}}`


In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import FirewallEndpointAssociation using one of the formats above. For example:

```tf
import {
  id = "{{parent}}/locations/{{location}}/firewallEndpointAssociations/{{name}}"
  to = google_network_security_firewall_endpoint_association.default
}
```

When using the [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import), FirewallEndpointAssociation can be imported using one of the formats above. For example:

```
$ terraform import google_network_security_firewall_endpoint_association.default {{parent}}/locations/{{location}}/firewallEndpointAssociations/{{name}}
```
