---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This code is generated by Magic Modules using the following:
#
#     Configuration: https:#github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/magic-modules/tree/main/mmv1/products/networksecurity/UllMirroringEngine.yaml
#     Template:      https:#github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/magic-modules/tree/main/mmv1/templates/terraform/resource.html.markdown.tmpl
#
#     DO NOT EDIT this file directly. Any changes made to this file will be
#     overwritten during the next generation cycle.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Network Security"
description: |-
  A Mirroring Engine is a logical representation of the underlying infrastructure
  that is used to manage and monitor the ULL Mirroring setup.
---

# google_network_security_ull_mirroring_engine

A Mirroring Engine is a logical representation of the underlying infrastructure
that is used to manage and monitor the ULL Mirroring setup.

~> **Warning:** This resource is in beta, and should be used with the terraform-provider-google-beta provider.
See [Provider Versions](../guides/provider_versions.html.markdown) for more details on beta resources.


## Example Usage - Network Security Ull Mirroring Engine Basic


```hcl
resource "google_network_security_ull_mirroring_engine" "default" {
  provider                = google-beta
  ull_mirroring_engine_id = "example-ull-eng"
  location                = "us-south1-d"
  labels = {
    foo = "bar"
  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `location` -
  (Required)
  The cloud location of the engine, e.g. `us-south1-d` or `us-south1-e`.

* `ull_mirroring_engine_id` -
  (Required)
  The ID to use for the new engine, which will become the final
  component of the engine's resource name.


* `labels` -
  (Optional)
  Labels are key/value pairs that help to organize and filter resources.
  **Note**: This field is non-authoritative, and will only manage the labels present in your configuration.
  Please refer to the field `effective_labels` for all of the labels present on the resource.

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.

* `deletion_policy` - (Optional) Whether Terraform will be prevented from destroying the resource. Defaults to DELETE.
	When a 'terraform destroy' or 'terraform apply' would delete the resource,
	the command will fail if this field is set to "PREVENT" in Terraform state.
	When set to "ABANDON", the command will remove the resource from Terraform
	management without updating or deleting the resource in the API.
	When set to "DELETE", deleting the resource is allowed.


## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `projects/{{project}}/locations/{{location}}/ullMirroringEngines/{{ull_mirroring_engine_id}}`

* `name` -
  The resource name of this engine, for example:
  `projects/123456789/locations/us-south1-d/ullMirroringEngines/my-engine`.
  See https://google.aip.dev/122 for more details.

* `create_time` -
  The timestamp when the resource was created.
  See https://google.aip.dev/148#timestamps.

* `update_time` -
  The timestamp when the resource was most recently updated.
  See https://google.aip.dev/148#timestamps.

* `reconciling` -
  The current state of the resource does not match the user's intended state,
  and the system is working to reconcile them. This is part of the normal
  operation. See https://google.aip.dev/128.

* `terraform_labels` -
  The combination of labels configured directly on the resource
   and default labels configured on the provider.

* `effective_labels` -
  All of labels (key/value pairs) present on the resource in GCP, including the labels configured through Terraform, other clients and services.


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


UllMirroringEngine can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

* `projects/{{project}}/locations/{{location}}/ullMirroringEngines/{{ull_mirroring_engine_id}}`
* `{{project}}/{{location}}/{{ull_mirroring_engine_id}}`
* `{{location}}/{{ull_mirroring_engine_id}}`


In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import UllMirroringEngine using one of the formats above. For example:

```tf
import {
  id = "projects/{{project}}/locations/{{location}}/ullMirroringEngines/{{ull_mirroring_engine_id}}"
  to = google_network_security_ull_mirroring_engine.default
}
```

When using the [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import), UllMirroringEngine can be imported using one of the formats above. For example:

```
$ terraform import google_network_security_ull_mirroring_engine.default projects/{{project}}/locations/{{location}}/ullMirroringEngines/{{ull_mirroring_engine_id}}
$ terraform import google_network_security_ull_mirroring_engine.default {{project}}/{{location}}/{{ull_mirroring_engine_id}}
$ terraform import google_network_security_ull_mirroring_engine.default {{location}}/{{ull_mirroring_engine_id}}
```

## User Project Overrides

This resource supports [User Project Overrides](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/provider_reference#user_project_override).
