---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Network security"
description: |-
  A Firewall endpoint is a Cloud Firewall resource that enables
  layer 7 advanced protection capabilities, such as intrusion prevention,
  in your network.
---

# google_network_security_firewall_endpoint

A Firewall endpoint is a Cloud Firewall resource that enables
layer 7 advanced protection capabilities, such as intrusion prevention,
in your network.


To get more information about FirewallEndpoint, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/firewall/docs/reference/network-security/rest/v1/organizations.locations.firewallEndpoints)
* How-to Guides
    * [Firewall endpoint overview](https://cloud.google.com/firewall/docs/about-firewall-endpoints)
    * [Create and associate firewall endpoints](https://cloud.google.com/firewall/docs/configure-firewall-endpoints)

~> **Warning:** If you are using User ADCs (Application Default Credentials) with this resource,
you must specify a `billing_project_id` and set `user_project_override` to true
in the provider configuration. Otherwise the ACM API will return a 403 error.
Your account must have the `serviceusage.services.use` permission on the
`billing_project_id` you defined.

## Example Usage - Network Security Firewall Endpoint Basic


```hcl
resource "google_network_security_firewall_endpoint" "default" {
  name               = "my-firewall-endpoint"
  parent             = "organizations/123456789"
  location           = "us-central1-a"
  billing_project_id = "my-project-name"

  labels = {
    foo = "bar"
  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `billing_project_id` -
  (Required)
  Project to bill on endpoint uptime usage.

* `name` -
  (Required)
  The name of the firewall endpoint resource.

* `location` -
  (Required)
  The location (zone) of the firewall endpoint.

* `parent` -
  (Required)
  The name of the parent this firewall endpoint belongs to.
  Format: organizations/{organization_id}.


- - -


* `labels` -
  (Optional)
  A map of key/value label pairs to assign to the resource.

  **Note**: This field is non-authoritative, and will only manage the labels present in your configuration.
  Please refer to the field `effective_labels` for all of the labels present on the resource.


## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `{{parent}}/locations/{{location}}/firewallEndpoints/{{name}}`

* `self_link` -
  Server-defined URL of this resource.

* `create_time` -
  Time the firewall endpoint was created in UTC.

* `update_time` -
  Time the firewall endpoint was updated in UTC.

* `reconciling` -
  Whether reconciling is in progress, recommended per https://google.aip.dev/128.

* `associated_networks` -
  List of networks that are associated with this endpoint in the local zone.
  This is a projection of the FirewallEndpointAssociations pointing at this
  endpoint. A network will only appear in this list after traffic routing is
  fully configured. Format: projects/{project}/global/networks/{name}.

* `state` -
  The current state of the endpoint.

* `terraform_labels` -
  The combination of labels configured directly on the resource
   and default labels configured on the provider.

* `effective_labels` -
  All of labels (key/value pairs) present on the resource in GCP, including the labels configured through Terraform, other clients and services.


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 60 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 60 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 60 minutes.

## Import


FirewallEndpoint can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

* `{{parent}}/locations/{{location}}/firewallEndpoints/{{name}}`


In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import FirewallEndpoint using one of the formats above. For example:

```tf
import {
  id = "{{parent}}/locations/{{location}}/firewallEndpoints/{{name}}"
  to = google_network_security_firewall_endpoint.default
}
```

When using the [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import), FirewallEndpoint can be imported using one of the formats above. For example:

```
$ terraform import google_network_security_firewall_endpoint.default {{parent}}/locations/{{location}}/firewallEndpoints/{{name}}
```
