---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Public ca"
description: |-
  A representation of an ExternalAccountKey used for external account binding within ACME.
---

# google_public_ca_external_account_key

A representation of an ExternalAccountKey used for external account binding within ACME.


To get more information about ExternalAccountKey, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/certificate-manager/docs/reference/public-ca/rest/v1/projects.locations.externalAccountKeys/create)
* How-to Guides
    * [Official Documentation](https://cloud.google.com/certificate-manager/docs/public-ca)
    * [Request Certificate Using Public CA](https://cloud.google.com/certificate-manager/docs/public-ca-tutorial)
    * [Request EAB key ID and HMAC](https://cloud.google.com/certificate-manager/docs/public-ca-tutorial#request-key-hmac)

~> **Warning:** This resource is create-only and could not be read from the API.
On delete, the resource would be removed from the state.
You must use an EAB secret within 7 days of obtaining it.
The EAB secret is invalidated if you don't use it within 7 days.
The ACME account registered by using an EAB secret has no expiration.

~> **Warning:** All arguments including the following potentially sensitive
values will be stored in the raw state as plain text: `key_id`, `b64_mac_key`.
[Read more about sensitive data in state](https://www.terraform.io/language/state/sensitive-data).

## Example Usage - Public Ca External Account Key


```hcl
resource "google_public_ca_external_account_key" "prod" {
  project = "my-project-name"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:



- - -


* `location` -
  (Optional)
  Location for the externalAccountKey. Currently only `global` is supported.

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.


## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `{{name}}`

* `name` -
  Resource name. projects/{project}/locations/{location}/externalAccountKeys/{keyId}.

* `key_id` -
  It is generated by the PublicCertificateAuthorityService when the ExternalAccountKey is created.
  **Note**: This property is sensitive and will not be displayed in the plan.

* `b64_mac_key` -
  Base64-URL-encoded HS256 key. It is generated by the PublicCertificateAuthorityService
  when the ExternalAccountKey is created.
  **Note**: This property is sensitive and will not be displayed in the plan.


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import

This resource does not support import.

## User Project Overrides

This resource supports [User Project Overrides](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/provider_reference#user_project_override).
