---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Security Command Center (SCC)"
description: |-
  Mute Findings is a volume management feature in Security Command Center
  that lets you manually or programmatically hide irrelevant findings,
  and create filters to automatically silence existing and future
  findings based on criteria you specify.
---

# google_scc_mute_config

Mute Findings is a volume management feature in Security Command Center
that lets you manually or programmatically hide irrelevant findings,
and create filters to automatically silence existing and future
findings based on criteria you specify.


To get more information about MuteConfig, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/security-command-center/docs/reference/rest/v1/organizations.muteConfigs)

## Example Usage - Scc Mute Config


```hcl
resource "google_scc_mute_config" "default" {
  mute_config_id = "my-config"
  parent         = "organizations/123456789"
  filter         = "category: \"OS_VULNERABILITY\""
  description    = "My Mute Config"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `filter` -
  (Required)
  An expression that defines the filter to apply across create/update
  events of findings. While creating a filter string, be mindful of
  the scope in which the mute configuration is being created. E.g.,
  If a filter contains project = X but is created under the
  project = Y scope, it might not match any findings.

* `mute_config_id` -
  (Required)
  Unique identifier provided by the client within the parent scope.

* `parent` -
  (Required)
  Resource name of the new mute configs's parent. Its format is
  "organizations/[organization_id]", "folders/[folder_id]", or
  "projects/[project_id]".


- - -


* `description` -
  (Optional)
  A description of the mute config.


## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `{{name}}`

* `name` -
  Name of the mute config. Its format is
  organizations/{organization}/muteConfigs/{configId},
  folders/{folder}/muteConfigs/{configId},
  or projects/{project}/muteConfigs/{configId}

* `create_time` -
  The time at which the mute config was created. This field is set by
  the server and will be ignored if provided on config creation.

* `update_time` -
  Output only. The most recent time at which the mute config was
  updated. This field is set by the server and will be ignored if
  provided on config creation or update.

* `most_recent_editor` -
  Email address of the user who last edited the mute config. This
  field is set by the server and will be ignored if provided on
  config creation or update.


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


MuteConfig can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

* `{{name}}`


In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import MuteConfig using one of the formats above. For example:

```tf
import {
  id = "{{name}}"
  to = google_scc_mute_config.default
}
```

When using the [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import), MuteConfig can be imported using one of the formats above. For example:

```
$ terraform import google_scc_mute_config.default {{name}}
```
