---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Tags"
description: |-
  A TagKey, used to group a set of TagValues.
---

# google\_tags\_tag\_key

A TagKey, used to group a set of TagValues.


To get more information about TagKey, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/resource-manager/reference/rest/v3/tagKeys)
* How-to Guides
    * [Official Documentation](https://cloud.google.com/resource-manager/docs/tags/tags-creating-and-managing)

## Example Usage - Tag Key Basic


```hcl
resource "google_tags_tag_key" "key" {
  parent = "organizations/123456789"
  short_name = "keyname"
  description = "For keyname resources."
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `parent` -
  (Required)
  Input only. The resource name of the new TagKey's parent. Must be of the form organizations/{org_id} or projects/{project_id_or_number}.

* `short_name` -
  (Required)
  Input only. The user friendly name for a TagKey. The short name should be unique for TagKeys within the same tag namespace.
  The short name must be 1-63 characters, beginning and ending with an alphanumeric character ([a-z0-9A-Z]) with dashes (-), underscores (_), dots (.), and alphanumerics between.


- - -


* `description` -
  (Optional)
  User-assigned description of the TagKey. Must not exceed 256 characters.

* `purpose` -
  (Optional)
  Optional. A purpose cannot be changed once set.
  A purpose denotes that this Tag is intended for use in policies of a specific policy engine, and will involve that policy engine in management operations involving this Tag.
  Possible values are: `GCE_FIREWALL`.

* `purpose_data` -
  (Optional)
  Optional. Purpose data cannot be changed once set.
  Purpose data corresponds to the policy system that the tag is intended for. For example, the GCE_FIREWALL purpose expects data in the following format: `network = "<project-name>/<vpc-name>"`.


## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `tagKeys/{{name}}`

* `name` -
  The generated numeric id for the TagKey.

* `namespaced_name` -
  Output only. Namespaced name of the TagKey.

* `create_time` -
  Output only. Creation time.
  A timestamp in RFC3339 UTC "Zulu" format, with nanosecond resolution and up to nine fractional digits. Examples: "2014-10-02T15:01:23Z" and "2014-10-02T15:01:23.045123456Z".

* `update_time` -
  Output only. Update time.
  A timestamp in RFC3339 UTC "Zulu" format, with nanosecond resolution and up to nine fractional digits. Examples: "2014-10-02T15:01:23Z" and "2014-10-02T15:01:23.045123456Z".


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


TagKey can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

* `tagKeys/{{name}}`
* `{{name}}`


In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import TagKey using one of the formats above. For example:

```tf
import {
  id = "tagKeys/{{name}}"
  to = google_tags_tag_key.default
}
```

When using the [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import), TagKey can be imported using one of the formats above. For example:

```
$ terraform import google_tags_tag_key.default tagKeys/{{name}}
$ terraform import google_tags_tag_key.default {{name}}
```
