---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Vertex AI"
description: |-
  An entity type is a type of object in a system that needs to be modeled and have stored information about.
---

# google\_vertex\_ai\_featurestore\_entitytype

An entity type is a type of object in a system that needs to be modeled and have stored information about. For example, driver is an entity type, and driver0 is an instance of an entity type driver.


To get more information about FeaturestoreEntitytype, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/vertex-ai/docs/reference/rest/v1/projects.locations.featurestores.entityTypes)
* How-to Guides
    * [Official Documentation](https://cloud.google.com/vertex-ai/docs)

## Example Usage - Vertex Ai Featurestore Entitytype


```hcl
resource "google_vertex_ai_featurestore" "featurestore" {
  name     = "terraform"
  labels = {
    foo = "bar"
  }
  region   = "us-central1"
  online_serving_config {
    fixed_node_count = 2
  }
  encryption_spec {
    kms_key_name = "kms-name"
  }
}

resource "google_vertex_ai_featurestore_entitytype" "entity" {
  name     = "terraform"
  labels = {
    foo = "bar"
  }
  description = "test description"
  featurestore = google_vertex_ai_featurestore.featurestore.id
  monitoring_config {
    snapshot_analysis {
      disabled = false
      monitoring_interval_days = 1
      staleness_days = 21
    }
    numerical_threshold_config {
      value = 0.8
    }
    categorical_threshold_config {
      value = 10.0
    }
    import_features_analysis {
      state = "ENABLED"
      anomaly_detection_baseline = "PREVIOUS_IMPORT_FEATURES_STATS"
    }
  }
}
```
## Example Usage - Vertex Ai Featurestore Entitytype With Beta Fields


```hcl
resource "google_vertex_ai_featurestore" "featurestore" {
  provider = google-beta
  name     = "terraform2"
  labels = {
    foo = "bar"
  }
  region   = "us-central1"
  online_serving_config {
    fixed_node_count = 2
  }
  encryption_spec {
    kms_key_name = "kms-name"
  }
}

resource "google_vertex_ai_featurestore_entitytype" "entity" {
  provider = google-beta
  name     = "terraform2"
  labels = {
    foo = "bar"
  }
  featurestore = google_vertex_ai_featurestore.featurestore.id
  monitoring_config {
    snapshot_analysis {
      disabled = false
      monitoring_interval = "86400s"
    }

    categorical_threshold_config {
      value = 0.3
    }

    numerical_threshold_config {
      value = 0.3
    }
  }
  offline_storage_ttl_days = 30
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `featurestore` -
  (Required)
  The name of the Featurestore to use, in the format projects/{project}/locations/{location}/featurestores/{featurestore}.


- - -


* `name` -
  (Optional)
  The name of the EntityType. This value may be up to 60 characters, and valid characters are [a-z0-9_]. The first character cannot be a number.

* `description` -
  (Optional)
  Optional. Description of the EntityType.

* `labels` -
  (Optional)
  A set of key/value label pairs to assign to this EntityType.

  **Note**: This field is non-authoritative, and will only manage the labels present in your configuration.
  Please refer to the field `effective_labels` for all of the labels present on the resource.

* `monitoring_config` -
  (Optional)
  The default monitoring configuration for all Features under this EntityType.
  If this is populated with [FeaturestoreMonitoringConfig.monitoring_interval] specified, snapshot analysis monitoring is enabled. Otherwise, snapshot analysis monitoring is disabled.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_monitoring_config).

* `offline_storage_ttl_days` -
  (Optional, [Beta](https://terraform.io/docs/providers/google/guides/provider_versions.html))
  Config for data retention policy in offline storage. TTL in days for feature values that will be stored in offline storage. The Feature Store offline storage periodically removes obsolete feature values older than offlineStorageTtlDays since the feature generation time. If unset (or explicitly set to 0), default to 4000 days TTL.


<a name="nested_monitoring_config"></a>The `monitoring_config` block supports:

* `snapshot_analysis` -
  (Optional)
  The config for Snapshot Analysis Based Feature Monitoring.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_snapshot_analysis).

* `import_features_analysis` -
  (Optional)
  The config for ImportFeatures Analysis Based Feature Monitoring.
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_import_features_analysis).

* `numerical_threshold_config` -
  (Optional)
  Threshold for numerical features of anomaly detection. This is shared by all objectives of Featurestore Monitoring for numerical features (i.e. Features with type (Feature.ValueType) DOUBLE or INT64).
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_numerical_threshold_config).

* `categorical_threshold_config` -
  (Optional)
  Threshold for categorical features of anomaly detection. This is shared by all types of Featurestore Monitoring for categorical features (i.e. Features with type (Feature.ValueType) BOOL or STRING).
  Structure is [documented below](#nested_categorical_threshold_config).


<a name="nested_snapshot_analysis"></a>The `snapshot_analysis` block supports:

* `disabled` -
  (Optional)
  The monitoring schedule for snapshot analysis. For EntityType-level config: unset / disabled = true indicates disabled by default for Features under it; otherwise by default enable snapshot analysis monitoring with monitoringInterval for Features under it.

* `monitoring_interval` -
  (Optional, [Beta](https://terraform.io/docs/providers/google/guides/provider_versions.html), Deprecated)
  Configuration of the snapshot analysis based monitoring pipeline running interval. The value is rolled up to full day.
  A duration in seconds with up to nine fractional digits, terminated by 's'. Example: "3.5s".

  ~> **Warning:** `monitoring_interval` is deprecated and will be removed in a future release.

* `monitoring_interval_days` -
  (Optional)
  Configuration of the snapshot analysis based monitoring pipeline running interval. The value indicates number of days. The default value is 1.
  If both FeaturestoreMonitoringConfig.SnapshotAnalysis.monitoring_interval_days and [FeaturestoreMonitoringConfig.SnapshotAnalysis.monitoring_interval][] are set when creating/updating EntityTypes/Features, FeaturestoreMonitoringConfig.SnapshotAnalysis.monitoring_interval_days will be used.

* `staleness_days` -
  (Optional)
  Customized export features time window for snapshot analysis. Unit is one day. The default value is 21 days. Minimum value is 1 day. Maximum value is 4000 days.

<a name="nested_import_features_analysis"></a>The `import_features_analysis` block supports:

* `state` -
  (Optional)
  Whether to enable / disable / inherite default hebavior for import features analysis. The value must be one of the values below:
  * DEFAULT: The default behavior of whether to enable the monitoring. EntityType-level config: disabled.
  * ENABLED: Explicitly enables import features analysis. EntityType-level config: by default enables import features analysis for all Features under it.
  * DISABLED: Explicitly disables import features analysis. EntityType-level config: by default disables import features analysis for all Features under it.

* `anomaly_detection_baseline` -
  (Optional)
  Defines the baseline to do anomaly detection for feature values imported by each [entityTypes.importFeatureValues][] operation. The value must be one of the values below:
  * LATEST_STATS: Choose the later one statistics generated by either most recent snapshot analysis or previous import features analysis. If non of them exists, skip anomaly detection and only generate a statistics.
  * MOST_RECENT_SNAPSHOT_STATS: Use the statistics generated by the most recent snapshot analysis if exists.
  * PREVIOUS_IMPORT_FEATURES_STATS: Use the statistics generated by the previous import features analysis if exists.

<a name="nested_numerical_threshold_config"></a>The `numerical_threshold_config` block supports:

* `value` -
  (Required)
  Specify a threshold value that can trigger the alert. For numerical feature, the distribution distance is calculated by Jensen–Shannon divergence. Each feature must have a non-zero threshold if they need to be monitored. Otherwise no alert will be triggered for that feature. The default value is 0.3.

<a name="nested_categorical_threshold_config"></a>The `categorical_threshold_config` block supports:

* `value` -
  (Required)
  Specify a threshold value that can trigger the alert. For categorical feature, the distribution distance is calculated by L-inifinity norm. Each feature must have a non-zero threshold if they need to be monitored. Otherwise no alert will be triggered for that feature. The default value is 0.3.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `{{featurestore}}/entityTypes/{{name}}`

* `etag` -
  Used to perform consistent read-modify-write updates.

* `create_time` -
  The timestamp of when the featurestore was created in RFC3339 UTC "Zulu" format, with nanosecond resolution and up to nine fractional digits.

* `update_time` -
  The timestamp of when the featurestore was last updated in RFC3339 UTC "Zulu" format, with nanosecond resolution and up to nine fractional digits.

* `terraform_labels` -
  The combination of labels configured directly on the resource
   and default labels configured on the provider.

* `effective_labels` -
  All of labels (key/value pairs) present on the resource in GCP, including the labels configured through Terraform, other clients and services.


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import


FeaturestoreEntitytype can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

* `{{featurestore}}/entityTypes/{{name}}`


In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import FeaturestoreEntitytype using one of the formats above. For example:

```tf
import {
  id = "{{featurestore}}/entityTypes/{{name}}"
  to = google_vertex_ai_featurestore_entitytype.default
}
```

When using the [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import), FeaturestoreEntitytype can be imported using one of the formats above. For example:

```
$ terraform import google_vertex_ai_featurestore_entitytype.default {{featurestore}}/entityTypes/{{name}}
```
