---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This code is generated by Magic Modules using the following:
#
#     Configuration: https:#github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/magic-modules/tree/main/mmv1/products/vertexai/ModelGardenEnableModel.yaml
#     Template:      https:#github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/magic-modules/tree/main/mmv1/templates/terraform/resource.html.markdown.tmpl
#
#     DO NOT EDIT this file directly. Any changes made to this file will be
#     overwritten during the next generation cycle.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Vertex AI"
description: |-
  Enables a Model Garden publisher model for a project so that it can be
  deployed.
---

# google_vertex_ai_model_garden_enable_model

Enables a Model Garden publisher model for a project so that it can be
deployed. This calls the synchronous
`ModelGardenService.EnableModel` method, which checks that the prerequisites
for the model are met (for example, a completed questionnaire and accepted
consents, or an active Private Offer) before enabling it.

~> **Note:** The underlying API does not provide a way to disable a model
once it has been enabled, so destroying this resource only removes it from
Terraform state and does not affect the project's enablement status.

~> **Warning:** This resource is in beta, and should be used with the terraform-provider-google-beta provider.
See [Provider Versions](../guides/provider_versions.html.markdown) for more details on beta resources.

To get more information about ModelGardenEnableModel, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/vertex-ai/docs/reference/rest/v1beta1/projects.publishers.models/enableModel)
* How-to Guides
    * [Overview of Model Garden](https://cloud.google.com/vertex-ai/generative-ai/docs/model-garden/explore-models)
    * [Use models in Model Garden](https://cloud.google.com/vertex-ai/generative-ai/docs/model-garden/use-models)

## Example Usage - Vertex Ai Model Garden Enable Model Basic


```hcl
resource "google_vertex_ai_model_garden_enable_model" "enable" {
  provider             = google-beta
  publisher_model_name = "publishers/google/models/paligemma@paligemma-224-float32"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `publisher_model_name` -
  (Required)
  The resource name of the Model Garden publisher model to enable.
  Format: `publishers/{publisher}/models/{publisher_model}`, optionally
  with a version suffix, for example
  `publishers/google/models/paligemma@paligemma-224-float32`.


* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.

* `deletion_policy` - (Optional) Whether Terraform will be prevented from destroying the resource. Defaults to DELETE.
	When a 'terraform destroy' or 'terraform apply' would delete the resource,
	the command will fail if this field is set to "PREVENT" in Terraform state.
	When set to "ABANDON", the command will remove the resource from Terraform
	management without updating or deleting the resource in the API.
	When set to "DELETE", deleting the resource is allowed.


## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `projects/{{project}}/{{publisher_model_name}}`

* `publisher_endpoint` -
  Output only. The publisher endpoint that the project is enabled for.
  Format:
  `projects/{project}/locations/{location}/publishers/{publisher}/models/{publisher_model}`.

* `enablement_state` -
  Output only. The result of the model enablement.


## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
- `delete` - Default is 0 minutes.

## Import

This resource does not support import.

## User Project Overrides

This resource supports [User Project Overrides](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/provider_reference#user_project_override).
